## 题目描述

<div>
 Have you ever gambled? I wish you not. Being a professional gambler for three years, I learned every
</div> 
<div>
  trick they play. Gambling is has nothing to do with luck. It is all about cheating.One of the most 
</div> 
<div>
 elementary tricks is "mercury dice". Instead of being solid, there is a hollow chamber, filled with 
</div> 
<div>
 mercury, inside of the dice. This little modification makes the dice asymmetric, so that, the probab
</div> 
<div>
 ility of each outcome is not equal. Imprecisely, which face is up, depends on the previous state.To 
</div> 
<div>
 simplify the model, we use "mercury coin" here. As we mentioned, the state (head or tail) after toss
</div> 
<div>
 ing depends on the state before. The probability of that the two states are same, is p. For example,
</div> 
<div>
  if the head side is up now, the probability that, the coin is still head up after tossing is p. And
</div> 
<div>
  the probability that the tail side come up is 1-p. If p=0.5, it is a common coin. When p≠ 0.5, thi
</div> 
<div>
 s coin is mercury coin. Assume the coin is head up now. After we toss Ntimes, what is the probabilit
</div> 
<div>
 y that, the number of heads is less than a certain number K?
</div> 
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The test file contains multiple lines, and each line is a test case. 
</div> 
<div>
 Each test cases consists of three numbers
</div> 
<div>
 N K p
</div> 
<div>
 N and K are integers, and p is a float number. 
</div> 
<div>
 N ≤ 30000
</div> 
<div>
 K ≤ N
</div> 
<div>
 0 ≤ p ≤ 1
</div>

## 输出格式

<p></p> 
<p></p> 
<p> </p>
<dt> 
 <div>
  For each test case, output the probability that, after tossing N times, the number of heads is less 
 </div> 
 <div>
  than K. Rounded to the three digit after the decimal point.
 </div> 
</dt> 
<p></p> 
<p></p> 
<p></p>

```input1
171 88 0.107
```
```output1
0.83785
```
