## 题目描述

<div>
 There is an old country and the king fell in love with a devil. The devil always ask the king to do some crazy things. Although the king used to be wise and beloved by his people. Now he is just like a boy in love and can’t refuse any request from the devil. Also, this devil is looking like a very cute Loli.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 Something bad actually happen. The devil makes this kingdom's people infected by a disease called lolicon. Lolicon will take away people's life in silence. 
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 Although z*p is died, his friend, y*wan is not a lolicon. Y*wan is the only one in the country who is immune of lolicon, because he like the adult one so much. 
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 As this country is going to hell, y*wan want to save this country from lolicon, so he starts his journey.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 You heard about it and want to help y*wan, but y*wan questioned your IQ, and give you a question, so you should solve it to prove your IQ is high enough.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 The problem is about counting. How many undirected graphs satisfied the following constraints?
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 1. This graph is a complete graph of size n. 
</div>
<div>
 2. Every edge has integer cost from 1 to L.
</div>
<div>
 3. The cost of the shortest path from 1 to n is k.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 Can you solve it?
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 output the answer modulo 10^9+7
</div>
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line contains an integer T, denoting the number of the test cases.
</div>
<div>
 For each test case, the first line contains 3 integers n,k,L.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 T<=5 n,k<=12,L<=10^9.
</div>
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 <div>
  For each test case, output the answer in one line.
 </div>
</div>
<p></p>

```input1
2
3 3 3
4 4 4
```
```output1
8
668
```
