## 题目描述

<div>
 There is an old country and the king fell in love with a devil. The devil always asks the king to do some crazy things. Although the king used to be wise and beloved by his people. Now he is just like a boy in love and can’t refuse any request from the devil. Also, this devil is looking like a very cute Loli.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 You may wonder why this country has such an interesting tradition? It has a very long story, but I won't tell you :).
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 Let us continue, the party princess's knight win the algorithm contest. When the devil hears about that, she decided to take some action.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 But before that, there is another party arose recently, the 'MengMengDa' party, everyone in this party feel everything is 'MengMengDa' and acts like a 'MengMengDa' guy.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 While they are very pleased about that, it brings many people in this kingdom troubles. So they decided to stop them.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 Our hero z*p come again, actually he is very good at Algorithm contest, so he invites the leader of the 'MengMengda' party xiaod*o to compete in an algorithm contest.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 As z*p is both handsome and talkative, he has many girl friends to deal with, on the contest day, he find he has 3 dating to complete and have no time to compete, so he let you to solve the problems for him.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 And the easiest problem in this contest is like that:
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 There is n number a_1,a_2,...,a_n on the line. You can choose two set S(a_s1,a_s2,..,a_sk) and T(a_t1,a_t2,...,a_tm). Each element in S should be at the left of every element in T.(si < tj for all i,j). S and T shouldn't be empty.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 And what we want is the bitwise XOR of each element in S is equal to the bitwise AND of each element in T.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 How many ways are there to choose such two sets? You should output the result modulo 10^9+7.
</div>
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line contains an integer T, denoting the number of the test cases.
</div>
<div>
 For each test case, the first line contains a integers n.
</div>
<div>
 The next line contains n integers a_1,a_2,...,a_n which are separated by a single space.
</div>
<div></div>
<div>
 n<=10^3, 0 <= a_i <1024, T<=20.
</div>
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 For each test case, output the result in one line.
</div>
<p></p>

```input1
2
3
1 2 3
4
1 2 3 3
```
```output1
1
4
```
