## 题目描述

<div>
 Viruses are usually bad for your health. How about fighting them with... other viruses? In 
</div>
<div>
 this problem, you need to find out how to synthesize such good viruses. 
</div>
<div>
 We have prepared for you a set of strings of the letters A, G, T and C. They correspond to the 
</div>
<div>
 DNA nucleotide sequences of viruses that we want to svnthesize, using the following operations: 
</div>
<div>
 * Adding a nucleotide either to the beginning or the end of the existing sequence 
</div>
<div>
 * Replicating the sequence, reversing the copied piece, and gluing it either to the beginmng or 
</div>
<div>
 to the end of the original (so that e.g., AGTC can become AGTCCTGA or CTGAAGTC). 
</div>
<div>
 We're concerned about efficiency, since we have very many such sequences, some of them verv 
</div>
<div>
 long. Find a wav to svnthesize them in a mmimum number of operations. 
</div>
<div>
 你要用ATGC四个字母用两种操作拼出给定的串： 
</div>
<div>
 1.将其中一个字符放在已有串开头或者结尾 
</div>
<div>
 2.将已有串复制，然后reverse，再接在已有串的头部或者尾部 
</div>
<div>
 一开始已有串为空。求最少操作次数。 
</div>
<div>
 len<=100000 
</div>
<div></div>
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line of input contains the number of test cases T. The descriptions of the test cases 
</div>
<div>
 follow: 
</div>
<div>
 Each test case consists of a single line containing a non-empty string. The string uses only 
</div>
<div>
 the capital letters A, C, G and T and is not longer than 100 000 characters. 
</div>
<div></div>
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 For each test case, output a single line containing the minimum total number of operations 
</div>
<div>
 <div>
  necessary to construct the given sequence.
 </div>
 <div></div>
</div>
<p></p>

```input1
4
AAAA
AGCTTGCA
AAGGGGAAGGGGAA
AAACAGTCCTGACAAAAAAAAAAAAC
```
```output1
3
8
6
18
```
