## 题目描述

<div>
 A very important and complicated machine consists of n wheels, numbered l, 2, . . . , n. They 
</div> 
<div>
 are actually cogwheels, but the cogs are so small that we can model them as circles on the plane. 
</div> 
<div>
 Every wheel can spin around its center. 
</div> 
<div>
 Two wheels cannot overlap (they do not have common interior points), but they can touch. 
</div> 
<div>
 If two wheels touch each other and one of them rotates, the other one spins as well, as their 
</div> 
<div>
 micro-cogs are locked together. 
</div> 
<div>
 A force is put to wheel I (and to no other wheel), making it rotate at the rate of exactly 
</div> 
<div>
 one turn per minute, clockwise. Compute the rates of other wheels7 movement. You mav assume 
</div> 
<div>
 that the machine is not jammed (the movement is physically possible). 
</div> 
<div> 
 <div>
  给出平面上的n个齿轮，忽略齿的大小。它们不能有交集，但可以相切。当用T=1的速度推动1号齿轮时（相切的转动，可以传动），求每个齿轮的转速。你可以假定机器不会卡死。 
 </div> 
 <div>
  n<=1000 
 </div> 
 <div>
  其余数字<=10000 
 </div> 
 <div></div> 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line of input contains the number of test cases T. The descriptions of the test cases 
</div> 
<div>
 follow: 
</div> 
<div>
 Each test case consists of one line containing the number of wheels n (1《 n≤ 1000) . Each 
</div> 
<div>
 of the following lines contain three integers x, y and r (-10 000 < x, y < 10 000; I≤ r≤ 10 000) 
</div> 
<div>
 where (x, y) denote the Cartesian coordinates of the wheel's center and r is its radius. 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 For each test case, output n lines, each describing the movement of one wheel, in the same 
</div> 
<div> 
 <div>
  order as in the input. For every wheel, output either p/q clockwise or p/q counterclockwise, 
 </div> 
 <div>
  where the irreducible fraction p/q is the number of wheel turns per minute. If q is l, output just 
 </div> 
 <div>
  p as an integer. If a wheel is standing still, output not moving. 
 </div> 
 <div></div> 
</div> 
<p></p>

```input1
1
5
0 0 6
6 8 4
-9 0 3
6 16 4
0- 11 4
```
```output1
1 clockwise
3/2 counterclockwise
2 counterclockwise
3/2 clockwise
not moving
```
