## 题目描述

<div>
 You’re designing  a game console with a special  board which can evaluate how balance people  are. 
</div> 
<div>
 After the user stands on the board, it can record the movement of the user's "center of gravity". 
</div> 
<div>
 Technically,  the record is a sequence of  n  points  on  the  2D plane  (the user's "center of gravity" 
</div> 
<div>
 projected to the game board), where the origin (0,0) is the center of the game board. Samples are taken 
</div> 
<div>
 every 0.01 second, so if the user stands on it for one minute, your database gets 6000 sample points.  
</div> 
<div>
 In order to know better about his balancing status, the user can ask the game console some questions. 
</div> 
<div>
 Each question (i,j) means: count how many pairs of sample points, chosen from the interval between 
</div> 
<div>
 the i-th sample and the j-th sample (inclusive), whose Manhattan distance is no more than d, where d 
</div> 
<div>
 is the preset balance threshold parameter in the system. 
</div> 
<div>
 Your task is to write a program that can answer the questions. Note that you don't have to answer the 
</div> 
<div>
 questions one by one. You can read all the questions first, and then answer them. 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<div></div> 
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 There are no more than 3 test cases. The first line contains three integers n, d, q(1<=n<=200000, 
</div> 
<div>
 1<=d<=10^8, 1<=q<=10000), the number of points, the balance threshold and the number of queries. 
</div> 
<div>
 The next n lines contain the coordinates (x,y) (|x|,|y|<=10^8) of the sample points, in order. The points 
</div> 
<div>
 are numbered 1~n. The next q lines contain the questions (i,j) (1<=i<=j<=n). 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<div></div> 
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 For each test case, print the case number in the first line, then the answers of the questions, one on 
</div> 
<div>
 each line. 
</div> 
<p></p>

```input1
5 1 2
0 0
1 0
3 0
2 1
2 0
2 4
1 5
5 2 2
0 0
1 0
3 0
2 1
2 0
2 4
1 5
```
```output1
Case 1:
0
4
Case 2:
3
8
```
## 数据范围与约定

<p> 2015年湖南省大学生程序设计竞赛</p>

