## 题目描述

<div>
 Farmer John's N cows (3≤N≤50,000) are all located at distinct positions in his two-dimensional fie
</div>
<div>
 ld. FJ wants to enclose all of the cows with a rectangular fence whose sides are parallel to the x a
</div>
<div>
 nd y axes, and he wants this fence to be as small as possible so that it contains everycow (cows on 
</div>
<div>
 the boundary are allowed).FJ is unfortunately on a tight budget due to low milk production last quar
</div>
<div>
 ter. He would therefore like to enclose a smaller area to reduce maintenance costs, and the only way
</div>
<div>
  he can see to do this is by building two enclosures instead of one. Please help him compute how muc
</div>
<div>
 h less area he needs to enclose, in total, by using two enclosures instead of one. Like the original
</div>
<div>
  enclosure, the two enclosures must collectively contain all the cows (with cows on boundaries allow
</div>
<div>
 ed), and they must have sides parallel to the x and y axes. The two enclosures are notallowed to ove
</div>
<div>
 rlap -- not even on their boundaries. Note that enclosures of zero area are legal, for example if an
</div>
<div>
  enclosure has zero width and/or zero height.
</div>
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<p>The first line of input contains N. The nextNN lines each contain two integers specifying the location of a cow. Cow locations are positive integers in the range 1…1,000,000,000</p>
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 Write a single integer specifying amount of total area FJ can save by using two enclosures instead o
</div>
<div>
 f one.
</div>
<p></p>

```input1
6
4 2
8 10
1 1
9 12
14 7
2 3
```
```output1
107
```
