## 题目描述

<div> 
 <div>
  Farmer John's N cows (5≤N≤50,000) are all located at distinct positions in his two-dimensional fie
 </div> 
 <div>
  ld. FJ wants to enclose all of the cows with a rectangular fence whose sides are parallel to the x a
 </div> 
 <div>
  nd y axes, and he wants this fence to be as small as possible so that it contains every cow (cows on
 </div> 
 <div>
   the boundary are allowed).FJ is unfortunately on a tight budget due to low milk production last qua
 </div> 
 <div>
  rter. He would therefore like to build an even smaller fenced enclosure if possible, and he is willi
 </div> 
 <div>
  ng to sell up to three cows from his herd to make this possible.Please help FJ compute the smallest 
 </div> 
 <div>
  possible area he can enclose with his fence after removing up to three cows from his herd (and there
 </div> 
 <div>
  after building the tightest enclosing fence for the remaining cows).For this problem, please treat c
 </div> 
 <div>
  ows as points and the fence as a collection of four line segments (i.e., don't think of the cows as 
 </div> 
 <div>
  "unit squares"). Note that the answer can be zero, for example if all remaining cows end up standing
 </div> 
 <div>
   in a common vertical or horizontal line.
 </div> 
 <div>
  给定平面上N个点。现你可以删去至多3个点，接着你需要用一个矩形包含所有的点，点可以在矩形的边上，矩形的
 </div> 
 <div>
  边须与坐标轴平行。最小化矩形的面积并输出这个值。
 </div> 
 <div>
  5 ≤ N ≤ 50000, 1 ≤ X_i, Y_i ≤ 40000
 </div> 
</div> 
<div> 
 <div style="font-family: Arial; font-size: 14px; line-height: 15.8666658401489px;"></div> 
</div> 
<div></div> 
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line of input contains N.
</div> 
<div>
 The next N lines each contain two integers specifying the locati
</div> 
<div>
 on of a cow. Cow locations are positive integers in the range 1…40,000.
</div> 
<p></p> 
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<p> Write a single integer specifying the minimum area FJ can enclose with his fence after removing up t</p> 
<div>
 o three carefully-chosen cows from his herd.
</div>

```input1
6
1 1
7 8
10 9
8 12
4 100
50 7
```
```output1
12
```
