## 题目描述

<div>
 <div>
  Every day, Farmer John walks through his pasture to check on the well-being of each of his cows. Onh
 </div>
 <div>
  is farm he has two breeds of cows, Holsteins and Guernseys. His HH Holsteins are conveniently number
 </div>
 <div>
  ed 1…H, and his GG Guernseys are conveniently numbered 1…G (1≤H≤1000,1≤G≤1000). Each cowis loc
 </div>
 <div>
  ated at a point in the 2D plane (not necessarily distinct).Farmer John starts his tour at Holstein 1
 </div>
 <div>
  , and ends at Holstein HH. He wants to visit each cow along the way, and for convenience in maintain
 </div>
 <div>
  ing his checklist of cows visited so far, he wants to visit the Holsteins and Guernseys in theorder 
 </div>
 <div>
  in which they are numbered. In the sequence of all H+GH+G cows he visits, the Holsteins numbered 1…
 </div>
 <div>
  H should appear as a (not necessarily contiguous) subsequence, and likewise for the Guernseys. Other
 </div>
 <div>
  wise stated, the sequence of all H+GH+G cows should be formed by interleaving the list of Holsteins 
 </div>
 <div>
  numbered 1…H with the list of Guernseys numbered 1…GWhen FJ moves from one cow to another cow trav
 </div>
 <div>
  eling a distance of D, he expends D2 energy. Please help him determine the minimum amount ofenergy r
 </div>
 <div>
  equired to visit all his cows according to a tour as described above.
 </div>
 <div></div>
</div>
<div></div>
<p></p>

## 输入格式

<div>
 The first line of input contains H and G, separated by a space.
</div>
<div>
 <div>
  The next H lines contain the xx and yy coordinates of the HH Holsteins, and the next G lines after 
 </div>
 <div>
  that contain coordinates of the Guernseys. Each coordinate is an integer in the range 0…1000
 </div>
 <div></div>
</div>
<p></p>

## 输出格式

<div>
 Write a single line of output, giving the minimum energy required for FJ's tour of all the cows.
</div>
<div></div>
<p></p>

```input1
3 2
0 0
1 0
2 0
0 3
1 3
```
```output1
20
```
