<h2>Description</h2><p>An ascending sorted sequence of distinct values is one in which some form of a less-than operator is used to order the elements from smallest to largest. For example, the sorted sequence A, B, C, D implies that A &lt; B, B &lt; C and C &lt; D. in this problem, we will give you a set of relations of the form A &lt; B and ask you to determine whether a sorted order has been specified or not. </p><h2>Input</h2><p>Input consists of multiple problem instances. Each instance starts with a line containing two positive integers n and m. the first value indicated the number of objects to sort, where 2 &lt;= n &lt;= 26. The objects to be sorted will be the first n characters of the uppercase alphabet. The second value m indicates the number of relations of the form A &lt; B which will be given in this problem instance. Next will be m lines, each containing one such relation consisting of three characters: an uppercase letter, the character "&lt;" and a second uppercase letter. No letter will be outside the range of the first n letters of the alphabet. Values of n = m = 0 indicate end of input.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each problem instance, output consists of one line. This line should be one of the following three:
</p>
Sorted sequence determined after xxx relations: yyy...y.
Sorted sequence cannot be determined.
Inconsistency found after xxx relations.

where xxx is the number of relations processed at the time either a sorted sequence is determined or an inconsistency is found, whichever comes first, and yyy...y is the sorted, ascending sequence.
<pre><code class="language-input1">4 6
A&amp;lt;B
A&amp;lt;C
B&amp;lt;C
C&amp;lt;D
B&amp;lt;D
A&amp;lt;B
3 2
A&amp;lt;B
B&amp;lt;A
26 1
A&amp;lt;Z
0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Sorted sequence determined after 4 relations: ABCD.
Inconsistency found after 2 relations.
Sorted sequence cannot be determined.</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=East+Central+North+America+2001">East Central North America 2001</a>