<h2>Description</h2><p>A TV-network plans to broadcast an important football match. Their network of transmitters and users can be represented as a tree. The root of the tree is a transmitter that emits the football match, the leaves of the tree are the potential users and other vertices in the tree are relays (transmitters).
</p>The price of transmission of a signal from one transmitter to another or to the user is given. A price of the entire broadcast is the sum of prices of all individual signal transmissions.
Every user is ready to pay a certain amount of money to watch the match and the TV-network then decides whether or not to provide the user with the signal.
Write a program that will find the maximal number of users able to watch the match so that the TV-network's doesn't lose money from broadcasting the match.<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains two integers N and M, 2 &lt;= N &lt;= 3000, 1 &lt;= M &lt;= N-1, the number of vertices in the tree and the number of potential users.
</p>The root of the tree is marked with the number 1, while other transmitters are numbered 2 to N-M and potential users are numbered N-M+1 to N.
The following N-M lines contain data about the transmitters in the following form:
K A1 C1 A2 C2 ... AK CK
Means that a transmitter transmits the signal to K transmitters or users, every one of them described by the pair of numbers A and C, the transmitter or user's number and the cost of transmitting the signal to them.
The last line contains the data about users, containing M integers representing respectively the price every one of them is willing to pay to watch the match.<h2>Output</h2><p>The first and the only line of the output file should contain the maximal number of users described in the above text.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">9 6
3 2 2 3 2 9 3
2 4 2 5 2
3 6 2 7 2 8 2
4 3 3 3 1 1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Croatia+OI+2002+Final+Exam+-+Second+Day">Croatia OI 2002 Final Exam - Second Day</a>