<h2>Description</h2><p>We are all familiar with pre-order, in-order and post-order traversals of binary trees. A common problem in data structure classes is to find the pre-order traversal of a binary tree when given the in-order and post-order traversals. Alternatively, you can find the post-order traversal when given the in-order and pre-order. However, in general you cannot determine the in-order traversal of a tree when given its pre-order and post-order traversals. Consider the four binary trees below:
</p><pre><br>    a   a   a   a
<br>   /   /     \   \
<br>  b   b       b   b
<br> /     \     /     \
<br>c       c   c       c
<br></pre><p>
</p>All of these trees have the same pre-order and post-order traversals. This phenomenon is not restricted to binary trees, but holds for general m-ary trees as well.
<h2>Input</h2><p>Input will consist of multiple problem instances. Each instance will consist of a line of the form
</p>m s1 s2
indicating that the trees are m-ary trees, s1 is the pre-order traversal and s2 is the post-order traversal.All traversal strings will consist of lowercase alphabetic characters. For all input instances, 1 &lt;= m &lt;= 20 and the length of s1 and s2 will be between 1 and 26 inclusive. If the length of s1 is k (which is the same as the length of s2, of course), the first k letters of the alphabet will be used in the strings. An input line of 0 will terminate the input.
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each problem instance, you should output one line containing the number of possible trees which would result in the pre-order and post-order traversals for the instance. All output values will be within the range of a 32-bit signed integer. For each problem instance, you are guaranteed that there is at least one tree with the given pre-order and post-order traversals.
</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 abc cba
2 abc bca
10 abc bca
13 abejkcfghid jkebfghicda
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4
1
45
207352860</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=East+Central+North+America+2002">East Central North America 2002</a>