<h2>Description</h2><p>Order is an important concept in mathematics and in computer science. For example, Zorn's Lemma states: ``a partially ordered set in which every chain has an upper bound contains a maximal element.'' Order is also important in reasoning about the fix-point semantics of programs. 
</p>

This problem involves neither Zorn's Lemma nor fix-point semantics, but does involve order. 
Given a list of variable constraints of the form x &lt; y, you are to write a program that prints all orderings of the variables that are consistent with the constraints. 


For example, given the constraints x &lt; y and x &lt; z there are two orderings of the variables x, y, and z that are consistent with these constraints: x y z and x z y. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of a sequence of constraint specifications. A specification consists of two lines: a list of variables on one line followed by a list of contraints on the next line. A constraint is given by a pair of variables, where x y indicates that x &lt; y. 
</p>

All variables are single character, lower-case letters. There will be at least two variables, and no more than 20 variables in a specification. There will be at least one constraint, and no more than 50 constraints in a specification. There will be at least one, and no more than 300 orderings consistent with the contraints in a specification. 


Input is terminated by end-of-file. 
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each constraint specification, all orderings consistent with the constraints should be printed. Orderings are printed in lexicographical (alphabetical) order, one per line. 
</p>

Output for different constraint specifications is separated by a blank line. 
<pre><code class="language-input1">a b f g
a b b f
v w x y z
v y x v z v w v</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">abfg
abgf
agbf
gabf

wxzvy
wzxvy
xwzvy
xzwvy
zwxvy
zxwvy
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Duke+Internet+Programming+Contest+1993">Duke Internet Programming Contest 1993</a><p>,uva 124</p>