<h2>Description</h2><p>Let's consider so called "sly number" which is given as an array A of N integers from set {0,1,2}. For example A[0]=1, A[1]=1, A[2]=0 and A[3]=2. A sly number is called ONE, if A[0]=1 and A[I]=0 for I=1,2,?,N-1. 
</p>Consider following operation with two sly numbers A and B called 'Star Multiplication':
<pre><br>                                  k                             N-1
<br>                    C[k]     =   ¡Æ  A[i] * B[k-i]      +       ¡Æ  A[i] * B[N+k-i].
<br>                                 i=0                           i=k+1
<br></pre><p>
</p>here C ? the result of the operation, even also presented in an array - not necessarily sly number. This operation we will denote by &lt;*&gt; symbol.

Moreover, there is also module operation over the results of 'Star Multiplication':
<pre><br>                                         (C mod Q) [i]     =     C[i] mod Q,
<br></pre><p>
</p>where Q is a positive integer.
	
We are given a sly number A and a module Q. We need to find such 'inverse sly number' B:
                                              
(A * B) mod Q   =   ONE.<h2>Input</h2><p>The input  contains K data sets in text format. The first line of this file contains the number K of test cases. Each test consists of two lines. First line contains two integers separated by spaces: Q (2 &lt;= Q &lt;= 100) and N (5 &lt;= N &lt;= 50). Second line contains N integers from set {0,1,2} separated by spaces, which present sly number A.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>The output should be printed on the standard output. It should contain K lines - one line for each test case. If a solution exists, the line should contain the string "A solution can be found". In case there is no solution, the line should consist of string 'No solution'.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
2 5
1 0 1 0 1
65 8
1 2 2 2 1 1 2 2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">A solution can be found
No solution</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>In the first sample one possible inverse sly number could be &lt;0 0 1 1 1&gt;.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Southeastern+Europe+2002">Southeastern Europe 2002</a>