<h2>Description</h2><p>Computer generated and assisted proofs and verification occupy a small niche in the realm of Computer Science. The first proof of the four-color problem was completed with the assistance of a computer program and current efforts in verification have succeeded in verifying the translation of high-level code down to the chip level. 
</p>This problem deals with computing quantities relating to part of Fermat's Last Theorem: that there are no integer solutions of a^n + b^n = c^n for n &gt; 2. 
Given a positive integer N, you are to write a program that computes two quantities regarding the solution of x^2 + y^2 = z^2, where x, y, and z are constrained to be positive integers less than or equal to N. You are to compute the number of triples (x,y,z) such that x &lt; y &lt; z, and they are relatively prime, i.e., have no common divisor larger than 1. You are also to compute the number of values 0 &lt; p &lt;= N such that p is not part of any triple (not just relatively prime triples). 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of a sequence of positive integers, one per line. Each integer in the input file will be less than or equal to 1,000,000. Input is terminated by end-of-file</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each integer N in the input file print two integers separated by a space. The first integer is the number of relatively prime triples (such that each component of the triple is &lt;=N). The second number is the number of positive integers &lt;=N that are not part of any triple whose components are all &lt;=N. There should be one output line for each input line. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">10
25
100
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1 4
4 9
16 27
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Duke+Internet+Programming+Contest+1991">Duke Internet Programming Contest 1991</a><p>,UVA 106</p>