<h2>Description</h2><p>Suppose there are M people, including you, playing a special card game. At the beginning, each player receives N cards. The pip of a card is a positive integer which is at most N*M. And there are no two cards with the same pip. During a round, each player chooses one card to compare with others. The player whose card with the biggest pip wins the round, and then the next round begins. After N rounds, when all the cards of each player have been chosen, the player who has won the most rounds is the winner of the game.
</p>
 

Given your cards received at the beginning, write a program to tell the maximal number of rounds that you may at least win during the whole game.
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of several test cases. The first line of each case contains two integers m (2?20) and n (1?50), representing the number of players and the number of cards each player receives at the beginning of the game, respectively. This followed by a line with n positive integers, representing the pips of cards you received at the beginning. Then a blank line follows to separate the cases. 
</p>
The input is terminated by a line with two zeros.
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output a line consisting of the test case number followed by the number of rounds you will at least win during the game.
</p>
<pre><code class="language-input1">2 5
1 7 2 10 9

6 11
62 63 54 66 65 61 57 56 50 53 48

0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Case 1: 2
Case 2: 4</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Beijing+2002">Beijing 2002</a>