<h2>Description</h2><p>Dr. R. E. Wright's class was studying modified L-Systems. Let us explain necessary details. As a model let us have words of length n over a two letter alphabet {a, b}. The words are cyclic, this means we can write one word in any of n forms we receive by cyclic shift, whereby the first and the last letters in the word are considered to be neighbours. 
</p>Rewriting rules rewrite a letter at a position i, depending on letters at the positions i - 2, i, i+1. We rewrite all letters of the word in one step. When we have a given starting word and a set of rewriting rules a natural question is: how does the word look after s rewriting steps? 

Help Dr. R. E. Wright and write a program which solves this task. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>There are several blocks in the input, each describing one system. There is an integer number n, 2 &lt; n &lt; 16 the length of the input word in the first line. There is a word in the next line. The word contains only lowercase letters a and b. There are four characters c1 c2 c3 c4 in the next eight lines. Each quadruple represents one rewriting rule with the following meaning: when the letter at the position i - 2 is c1 and the letter at the position i is c2 and the letter at the position i + 1 is c3 then the letter at the position i after rewriting will be c4. Rewriting rules are correct and complete. There is an integer number s, 0 &lt;= s &lt;= 2000000000, in the last line of the block. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>There is one line corresponding to each block of the input. The line contains a word which we receive after s rewriting steps from the corresponding starting word using given rewriting rules. As we mentioned above, the word can be written in any of n cyclic shifted forms. The output file contains the lexicographically smallest word, assuming that a &lt; b. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">5
aaaaa
aaab
aabb
abab
abbb
baab
babb
bbab
bbbb
1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">bbbbb</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Central+Europe+1997">Central Europe 1997</a>