<h2>Description</h2><p>Given n integer registers r1, r2, ..., rn we define a Compare-Exchange Instruction CE(a, b), where a, b are register indices (1 &lt;= a &lt; b &lt;= n):
</p>
CE(a, b)::
if content(ra) &gt; content(rb) then
exchange the contents of registers ra and rb;

A Compare-Exchange program (shortly CE-program) is any nite sequence of Compare-Exchange instructions. A CE-program is called a Minimum-Finding program if after its execution the register r1 always contains the smallest value among all values in the registers. Such program is called reliable if it remains a Minimum-Finding program after removing any single Compare-Exchange instruction.

Given a CE-program P , what is the smallest number of instructions that should be added at the end of program P in order to get a reliable Minimum-Finding program?


Example

Consider the following CE-program for 3 registers:

CE(1, 2); CE(2, 3); CE(1, 2).

In order to make this program a reliable Minimum-Finding program it is sufficient to add only two instructions, CE(1, 3) and CE(1, 2).


Task

Write a program which for each data set:
reads the description of a CE-program,
computes the smallest number of CE-instructions that should be added to make this program a reliable Minimum-Finding program, 
writes the result.
<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input contains exactly one positive integer d equal to the number of data sets, 1 &lt;= d &lt;=10. The data sets follow.
</p>
Each data set consists of exactly two consecutive lines.

The first of those lines contains exactly two integers n and m separated by a single space, 2 &lt;= n &lt;= 10 000, 0 &lt;= m &lt;= 25 000. Integer n is the number of registers and integer m is the number of program instructions. 

The second of those lines contains exactly 2m integers separated by single spaces - the program 
itself. Integers aj, bj on positions 2j -1 and 2j, 1 &lt; j &lt; m, 1 &lt;= aj &lt; bj &lt;= n, are parameters of the j-th instruction in the program.
<h2>Output</h2><p>The output should consist of exactly d lines, one line for each data set.
</p>
Line i, 1 &lt;= i &lt;= d, should contain only one integer - the smallest number of instructions that should be added at the end of the i-th input program in order to make this program a reliable Minimum-Finding program.
<pre><code class="language-input1">1
3 3
1 2 2 3 1 2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Central+Europe+2001">Central Europe 2001</a>