<h2>Description</h2><p>Our Black Box represents a primitive database. It can save an integer array and has a special i variable. At the initial moment Black Box is empty and i equals 0. This Black Box processes a sequence of commands (transactions). There are two types of transactions:
</p>
ADD (x): put element x into Black Box; 
GET: increase i by 1 and give an i-minimum out of all integers containing in the Black Box. Keep in mind that i-minimum is a number located at i-th place after Black Box elements sorting by non- descending. 

Let us examine a possible sequence of 11 transactions: 

Example 1
<pre><br>N Transaction i Black Box contents after transaction Answer 
<br>      (elements are arranged by non-descending)   
<br>1 ADD(3)      0 3   
<br>2 GET         1 3                                    3 
<br>3 ADD(1)      1 1, 3   
<br>4 GET         2 1, 3                                 3 
<br>5 ADD(-4)     2 -4, 1, 3   
<br>6 ADD(2)      2 -4, 1, 2, 3   
<br>7 ADD(8)      2 -4, 1, 2, 3, 8   
<br>8 ADD(-1000)  2 -1000, -4, 1, 2, 3, 8   
<br>9 GET         3 -1000, -4, 1, 2, 3, 8                1 
<br>10 GET        4 -1000, -4, 1, 2, 3, 8                2 
<br>11 ADD(2)     4 -1000, -4, 1, 2, 2, 3, 8   </pre><p>
</p>It is required to work out an efficient algorithm which treats a given sequence of transactions. The maximum number of ADD and GET transactions: 30000 of each type. 


Let us describe the sequence of transactions by two integer arrays: 


1. A(1), A(2), ..., A(M): a sequence of elements which are being included into Black Box. A values are integers not exceeding 2 000 000 000 by their absolute value, M &lt;= 30000. For the Example we have A=(3, 1, -4, 2, 8, -1000, 2). 

2. u(1), u(2), ..., u(N): a sequence setting a number of elements which are being included into Black Box at the moment of first, second, ... and N-transaction GET. For the Example we have u=(1, 2, 6, 6). 

The Black Box algorithm supposes that natural number sequence u(1), u(2), ..., u(N) is sorted in non-descending order, N &lt;= M and for each p (1 &lt;= p &lt;= N) an inequality p &lt;= u(p) &lt;= M is valid. It follows from the fact that for the p-element of our u sequence we perform a GET transaction giving p-minimum number from our A(1), A(2), ..., A(u(p)) sequence. 


<h2>Input</h2><p>Input contains (in given order): M, N, A(1), A(2), ..., A(M), u(1), u(2), ..., u(N). All numbers are divided by spaces and (or) carriage return characters. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Write to the output Black Box answers sequence for a given sequence of transactions, one number each line.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">7 4
3 1 -4 2 8 -1000 2
1 2 6 6</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">3
3
1
2</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+1996">Northeastern Europe 1996</a>