<h2>Description</h2><p>The fastfood chain McBurger owns several restaurants along a highway. Recently, they have decided to build several depots along the highway, each one located at a restaurant and supplying several of the restaurants with the needed ingredients. Naturally, these depots should be placed so that the average distance between a restaurant and its assigned depot is minimized. You are to write a program that computes the optimal positions and assignments of the depots. 
</p>
To make this more precise, the management of McBurger has issued the following specification: You will be given the positions of n restaurants along the highway as n integers d1 &lt; d2 &lt; ... &lt; dn (these are the distances measured from the company's headquarter, which happens to be at the same highway). Furthermore, a number k (k &lt;= n) will be given, the number of depots to be built. 

The k depots will be built at the locations of k different restaurants. Each restaurant will be assigned to the closest depot, from which it will then receive its supplies. To minimize shipping costs, the total distance sum, defined as

 n
 ¡Æ |di - (position of depot serving restaurant i)|
i=1

must be as small as possible.

Write a program that computes the positions of the k depots, such that the total distance sum is minimized. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input file contains several descriptions of fastfood chains. Each description starts with a line containing the two integers n and k. n and k will satisfy 1 &lt;= n &lt;= 200, 1 &lt;= k &lt;= 30, k &lt;= n. Following this will n lines containing one integer each, giving the positions di of the restaurants, ordered increasingly.
</p>
The input file will end with a case starting with n = k = 0. This case should not be processed. <h2>Output</h2><p>For each chain, first output the number of the chain. Then output an optimal placement of the depots as follows: for each depot output a line containing its position and the range of restaurants it serves. If there is more than one optimal solution, output any of them. After the depot descriptions output a line containing the total distance sum, as defined in the problem text. 
</p>
Output a blank line after each test case. 
<pre><code class="language-input1">6 3
5
6
12
19
20
27
0 0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Chain 1
Depot 1 at restaurant 2 serves restaurants 1 to 3
Depot 2 at restaurant 4 serves restaurants 4 to 5
Depot 3 at restaurant 6 serves restaurant 6
Total distance sum = 8
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Southwestern+European+Regional+Contest+1998">Southwestern European Regional Contest 1998</a>