<h2>Description</h2><p>TEX is a typesetting language developed by Donald Knuth. It takes source text together with a few typesetting instructions and produces, one hopes, a beautiful document. Beautiful documents use double-left-quote and double-right-quote to delimit quotations, rather than the mundane " which is what is provided by most keyboards. Keyboards typically do not have an oriented double-quote, but they do have a left-single-quote ` and a right-single-quote '. Check your keyboard now to locate the left-single-quote key ` (sometimes called the "backquote key") and the right-single-quote key ' (sometimes called the "apostrophe" or just "quote"). Be careful not to confuse the left-single-quote ` with the "backslash" key \. TEX lets the user type two left-single-quotes `` to create a left-double-quote and two right-single-quotes '' to create a right-double-quote. Most typists, however, are accustomed to delimiting their quotations with the un-oriented double-quote ". 
</p>
If the source contained 
"To be or not to be," quoth the bard, "that is the question."
then the typeset document produced by TEX would not contain the desired form: "To be or not to be," quoth the bard, "that is the question." In order to produce the desired form, the source file must contain the sequence: 
``To be or not to be,'' quoth the bard, ``that is the question.''
You are to write a program which converts text containing double-quote (") characters into text that is identical except that double-quotes have been replaced by the two-character sequences required by TEX for delimiting quotations with oriented double-quotes. The double-quote (") characters should be replaced appropriately by either `` if the " opens a quotation and by '' if the " closes a quotation. Notice that the question of nested quotations does not arise: The first " must be replaced by ``, the next by '', the next by ``, the next by '', the next by ``, the next by '', and so on. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>Input will consist of several lines of text containing an even number of double-quote (") characters. Input is ended with an end-of-file character.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>The text must be output exactly as it was input except that: 
</p><ul>
<br><li>the first " in each pair is replaced by two ` characters: `` and 
<br></li><li>the second " in each pair is replaced by two ' characters: ''. 
<br></li></ul><pre><code class="language-input1">&quot;To be or not to be,&quot; quoth the Bard, &quot;that
is the question&quot;.
The programming contestant replied: &quot;I must disagree.
To `C&#39; or not to `C&#39;, that is The Question!&quot;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">``To be or not to be,&#39;&#39; quoth the Bard, ``that
is the question&#39;&#39;.
The programming contestant replied: ``I must disagree.
To `C&#39; or not to `C&#39;, that is The Question!&#39;&#39;</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=East+Central+North+America+1994">East Central North America 1994</a>