<h2>Description</h2><p>The quality of pseudo random-number generators used in some computations, especially simulation, is a significant issue. Proposed generation algorithms are subjected to many tests to establish their quality, or, more usually, their lack of it. One of the common tests is the run test. 
</p>
In this test, sequences are tested for ``runs up" and ``runs down." 

We will examine series of data values for the ``Up" and ``Down" sequences each series contains. 

Within a series, an ``Up" sequence continues as long as each data-value received is not less than the previous data-value. An ``Up" sequence terminates when a data-value received is less than the previous data-value received. 

A ``Down" sequence continues as long as each data-value received is not greater than the previous data-value. A ``Down" sequence terminates when a data-value received is greater than the previous data-value received. 

An ``Up" sequence can be initiated by the termination of a ``Down" sequence and vice versa. (Sequences initiated in this manner have length one at this initiation point.) 

All the initial data-values are part of an ``Up" sequence, and contribute to its length, if the first deviation of the data-values is upwards. 

All the initial data-values are part of a ``Down" sequence, and contribute to its length, if the first deviation of the data-values is downwards. 

If the data-values received don't allow classification as either an ``Up" or a ``Down" sequence, the data should be considered to have neither sequence. 

Find the average length of both the ``Up" and the ``Down" sequences encountered for each input line in the data file. Report these average lengths as each input line is processed. <h2>Input</h2><p>Each of the separate series to be examined is contained on a single line of input. 
</p>
Each series to be analyzed consists of at least one and no more than 30 unsigned, non-zero integers. Each integer in a series has at least one digit and no more than four digits. The integers are separated from each other by a single blank character. Each of the series will be terminated by a single zero (0) digit. This terminator should not be considered as being part of the series being analyzed. 

The set of series to be analyzed is terminated by a single zero (0) digit as the input on a line. This terminator should not be considered to be a series, and no output should be produced in response to its encounter. <h2>Output</h2><p>A line with two real values is to be emitted for each input data set encountered. It must begin with the message ``Nr values = N: ", where N is the number of input data in the line; and then to continue with the average values for runs. 
</p>
First, the average ``Up" run length, then the average ``Down" run length. Separate these values with a space. 

Answers must be rounded to six digits after the decimal point. <pre><code class="language-input1">1 2 3 0
3 2 1 0
1 2 3 2 1 0
2 2 2 2 3 0
4 4 4 4 3 0
4 4 4 3 3 3 3 0
4 4 4 3 3 3 4 0
5 5 5 5 0
1 2 3 2 3 4 5 0
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Nr values = 3:  2.000000 0.000000
Nr values = 3:  0.000000 2.000000
Nr values = 5:  2.000000 2.000000
Nr values = 5:  4.000000 0.000000
Nr values = 5:  0.000000 4.000000
Nr values = 7:  0.000000 6.000000
Nr values = 7:  1.000000 5.000000
Nr values = 4:  0.000000 0.000000
Nr values = 7:  2.500000 1.000000</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=East+Central+North+America+1995">East Central North America 1995</a>