<h2>Description</h2><p>Recognizing strings based on a set of restrictions is a common computational problem. 
</p>A Slurpy is a string of characters that has certain properties. Your program will read in strings of characters and output whether or not they are Slurpys. 

A Slump is a character string that has the following properties: 

1. Its first character is either a 'D' or an 'E'.

2. The first character is followed by a string of one or more 'F's.

3. The string of one or more 'F's is followed by either a Slump or a 'G'. The Slump or 'G' that follows the F's ends the Slump. For example DFFEFFFG is a Slump since it has a 'D' for its first character, followed by a string of two F's, and ended by the Slump 'EFFFG'.

4. Nothing else is a Slump. 

A Slimp is a character string that has the following properties: 

1. Its first character is an 'A'.

2. If it is a two character Slimp then its second and last character is an 'H'.

3. If it is not a two character Slimp then it is in one of these two forms: 
a) 'A' followed by 'B' followed by a Slimp followed by a 'C'. 
b) 'A' followed by a Slump (see above) followed by a 'C'. 

4. Nothing else is a Slimp. 

A Slurpy is a character string that consists of a Slimp followed by a Slump. 

Examples
<pre><br>Slumps:        DFG, EFG, DFFFFFG, DFDFDFDFG, DFEFFFFFG
<br>Not Slumps:    DFEFF, EFAHG, DEFG, DG, EFFFFDG
<br>Slimps:        AH, ABAHC, ABABAHCC, ADFGC, ADFFFFGC, ABAEFGCC, ADFDFGC
<br>Not Slimps:    ABC, ABAH, DFGC, ABABAHC, SLIMP, ADGC
<br>Slurpys:       AHDFG, ADFGCDFFFFFG, ABAEFGCCDFEFFFFFG
<br>Not Slurpys:   AHDFGA, DFGAH, ABABCC</pre><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line contains an integer N between 1 and 10 describing how many strings of characters are represented. The next N lines each contain a string of 1 to 60 alpha characters. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>The first line of output should read SLURPYS OUTPUT. Each of the next N lines of output should consist of either YES or NO depending on whether or not the corresponding input line is a Slurpy. The last line of output should read END OF OUTPUT. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
AHDFG
DFGAH</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">SLURPYS OUTPUT
YES
NO
END OF OUTPUT</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Atlantic+1996">Mid-Atlantic 1996</a>