<h2>Description</h2><p>A mixed fraction is defined recursively as follows: 
</p><ul>
<br><li>A real value is a  simple mixed fraction. For simplicity, we only consider one digit positive integer numbers greater than zero (digits 1 ... 9). 
<br></li><li>If  a is a real value (which is again assumed as an integer between 1 and 9), and  b  and  c  are two mixed fractions, 
<br><pre> b
<br>a- is a mixed fraction which is equal to a + b/c
<br> c</pre>
<br></li><li>Sum of a number of mixed fractions is also a mixed fraction.   
<br></li></ul><p>
</p>One can draw a view of a mixed fraction using ASCII characters as described below:  
<ul>
<br><li>A simple mixed fraction can be drawn using one digit character. 
<br></li><li><pre>                     b
<br>The mixed fraction  a-  will be drawn using a digit showing  a , and a horizontal line that starts 
<br>                     c</pre>
<br>immediately after the letter representing  a  (in the same row) using '-' characters.  b and  c  are drawn recursively <ins>above</ins> and  <ins>below</ins> the horizontal line respectively, such that their figures do not exceed the line from left nor right. 
<br></li><li>Sum of mixed fractions is represented by drawing the mixed fractions and inserting a '+' character between each consequence pair such that the '+' character and the first character of the next and the previous mixed fractions make a horizontal line. 
<br></li></ul><p>
</p>We want you to write a program to calculate the value of a mixed fraction from its figure.  <h2>Input</h2><p>Some 90 degree clockwise rotated figures of a number of mixed fractions are given in the input file. In the first line of each rotated mixed fraction n &lt; 300  and  m &lt; 15000 , the length and the width of the figure, are written. In the next  m lines the figure i s described ('-' is replaced with '|'). Note that each line will consists of exactly  n characters so any number of spaces may be used in the shape, but anyway, the shape of the figure satisfies description explained above. 
</p>The input ends with a line containing two zeroes. <h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case write its value in a separate line. Your answer must be rounded to two digits after decimal point and the output must contain exactly two digits after the decimal point. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">8 6
   1    
 2 |  2 
4|2| 4|3
   |    
   +    
   1    
0 0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">3.10</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Tehran+Sharif+Local+Contest+2001">Tehran Sharif Local Contest 2001</a>