<h2>Description</h2><p>Let's face it, most students who do a good job on programming contest problems aren't the best writers. However, there is no artistic process that a good programmer can't improve with a little program to automate the process.
</p>In this case, your writing problem is a tendency to use words too often. To help check for this,you are going to write a program that will search your papers for the word or words you use most often.
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists entirely of your paper. Each line will be under 80 characters and will contain words, punctuation, and numbers. Words consist of the characters {a-z,A-Z,0-9}. Words are separated by whitespace, end-of-line, and punctuation. The punctuation that may be found includes the characters </p><pre>,.;\'`\"()/:-</pre><p>.No other characters will be found in the input.
</p>The input ends at end-of-file.
Word comparisons are case-insensitive.<h2>Output</h2><p>Your output begins with the line:
</p>&lt; n &gt; occurrences
where n is the number of times the most frequently appearing word occurs.
Following that line will be the words that occurred n times, one per line. The words must be listed in alphabetic order.<pre><code class="language-input1">Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this
continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the
proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in
a great civil war, testing whether that nation or any nation so
conceived and so dedicated can long endure.</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">3 occurrences
and
nation</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Atlantic+2003">Mid-Atlantic 2003</a>