<h2>Description</h2><p>You work for an art store that has decided to carry every style and size of drafting triangle in existence. Unfortunately, sorting these has become a problem. The manager has given you the task of organizing them. You have decided to classify them by edge length and angles. To measure each triangle, you set it on a large sheet of very accurate graph paper and record the coordinate of each point. You then run these three points through a computer program to classify the triangles according to:
</p><b>Scalene</b><p> no equal sides
</p><b>Isosceles</b><p> two equal sides
</p><b>Equilateral</b><p> three equal sides
</p>and
<b>Acute</b><p> all angles under 90
</p><b>Right</b><p> one angle equal 90
</p><b>Obtuse</b><p> one angle over 90
</p>Of course, sometimes you make mistakes entering the data, so if you input points that do not form a valid triangle, your program should tell you.<h2>Input</h2><p>One triangle is described per line. Each line has six measurements taken to the nearest 0.001 in the order:
</p>x1 y1 x2 y2 x3 y3
The final line of input will contain only a -1.
None of the test sets contain non-right angles in the range 88-92 degrees, nor do any of the test sets include any non-equal side lengths for one triangle within 0.01 of one another.<h2>Output</h2><p>You will output one line for each triangle, which will contain two words:
</p>&lt; length classification &gt; &lt; angle classification &gt;
or
Not a Triangle
The final line of your output file will be:
End of Output<pre><code class="language-input1">10.000 10.000 10.000 20.000 20.000 10.000
0.000 0.000 4.000 0.000 2.000 3.464
-1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Isosceles Right
Equilateral Acute
End of Output</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Atlantic+2003">Mid-Atlantic 2003</a>