<h2>Description</h2><p>It is known that Sheffer stroke function (NOT-AND) can be used to construct any Boolean function. The truth table for this function is given below: 
</p><table width="50%" align="center" border="1" rules="groups"><caption><em>Truth table for Sheffer stroke function</em></caption><colgroup><col width="33%" align="center"><col width="33%" align="center"></colgroup><colgroup><col width="33%" align="center"></colgroup><thead style="font-weight: bold"><tr><td>x</td><td>y</td><td>x|y</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>0</td><td>1</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>0</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td>1</td><td>0</td></tr></tbody></table><p>
</p>Consider the problem of adding two binary numbers A and B, each containing N bits. The individual bits of A and B are numbered from 0 (the least significant) to N-1 (the most significant). The sum of A and B can always be represented by N+1 bits. Let's call most significant bit of the sum (bit number N) the overflow bit. 

Your task is to construct a logical expression using the Sheffer stroke function that computes the value of the overflow bit for arbitrary values of A and B. Your expression shall be constructed according to the following rules: 
<ol><li>Ai is an expression that denotes value of i<sup>th</sup> bit of number A. 
<br></li><li>Bi is an expression that denotes value of i<sup>th</sup> bit of number B. 
<br></li><li>(x|y) is an expression that denotes the result of Sheffer stroke function for x and y, where x and y are expressions. </li></ol><p>
</p>When writing the index, i, for bits in A and B, the index shall be written as a decimal number without leading zeros. For example, bit number 12 of A must be written as A12. The expression should be completely parenthesized (according to the 3rd rule). No blanks are allowed inside the expression. <h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains a single integer N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 100). </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Write to the output an expression for calculating overflow bit of the addition of two N-bit numbers A and B according to the rules given in the problem statement. 
</p>Note: The stroke symbol ( | ) is an ASCII character with code 124 (decimal). 

The output size shall not exceed 50*N bytes. 
<pre><code class="language-input1">2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">((A1|B1)|(((A0|B0)|(A0|B0))|((A1|A1)|(B1|B1))))
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+1999">Northeastern Europe 1999</a>