<h2>Description</h2><p>A musical melody is represented as a sequence of N (1&lt;=N&lt;=20000)notes that are integers in the range 1..88, each representing a key on the piano. It is unfortunate but true that this representation of melodies ignores the notion of musical timing; but, this programming task is about notes and not timings. 
</p>Many composers structure their music around a repeating &amp;qout;theme&amp;qout;, which, being a subsequence of an entire melody, is a sequence of integers in our representation. A subsequence of a melody is a theme if it: 
<ul><li>is at least five notes long 
<br></li><li>appears (potentially transposed -- see below) again somewhere else in the piece of music 
<br></li><li>is disjoint from (i.e., non-overlapping with) at least one of its other appearance(s) </li></ul><p>
</p>Transposed means that a constant positive or negative value is added to every note value in the theme subsequence. 
Given a melody, compute the length (number of notes) of the longest theme. 
One second time limit for this problem's solutions! 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains several test cases. The first line of each test case contains the integer N. The following n integers represent the sequence of notes.
</p>The last test case is followed by one zero. 
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, the output file should contain a single line with a single integer that represents the length of the longest theme. If there are no themes, output 0. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">30
25 27 30 34 39 45 52 60 69 79 69 60 52 45 39 34 30 26 22 18
82 78 74 70 66 67 64 60 65 80
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Use scanf instead of cin to reduce the read time.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=LouTiancheng%40POJ">LouTiancheng@POJ</a>