<h2>Description</h2><p>Alice and Bob decide to play a new stone game.At the beginning of the game they pick n(1&lt;=n&lt;=10) piles of stones in a line. Alice and Bob move the stones in turn.
</p>At each step of the game,the player choose a pile,remove at least one stones,then freely move stones from this pile to any other pile that still has stones.
For example:n=4 and the piles have (3,1,4,2) stones.If the player chose the first pile and remove one.Then it can reach the follow states. 
 2 1 4 2
 1 2 4 2£¨move one stone to Pile 2£©
 1 1 5 2£¨move one stone to Pile 3£©
 1 1 4 3£¨move one stone to Pile 4£©
 0 2 5 2£¨move one stone to Pile 2 and another one to Pile 3£©
 0 2 4 3£¨move one stone to Pile 2 and another one to Pile 4£©
 0 1 5 3£¨move one stone to Pile 3 and another one to Pile 4£©
 0 3 4 2£¨move two stones to Pile 2£©
 0 1 6 2£¨move two stones to Pile 3£©
 0 1 4 4£¨move two stones to Pile 4£©
Alice always moves first. Suppose that both Alice and Bob do their best in the game.
You are to write a program to determine who will finally win the game. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains several test cases. The first line of each test case contains an integer number n, denoting the number of piles. The following n integers describe the number of stones in each pile at the beginning of the game, you may assume the number of stones in each pile will not exceed 100.
</p>The last test case is followed by one zero.
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, if Alice win the game,output 1,otherwise output 0.
</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
2 1 3
2
1 1
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1
0
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=LouTiancheng%40POJ">LouTiancheng@POJ</a>