<h2>Description</h2><p>John von Neumann, b. Dec. 28, 1903, d. Feb. 8, 1957, was a Hungarian-American mathematician who made important contributions to the foundations of mathematics, logic, quantum physics,meteorology, science, computers, and game theory. He was noted for a phenomenal memory and the speed with which he absorbed ideas and solved problems. In 1925 he received a B.S. diploma in chemical engineering from Zurich Institute and in 1926 a Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of Budapest. His Ph.D. dissertation on set theory was an important contribution to the subject. At the age of 20, von Neumann proposed a new definition of ordinal numbers that was universally adopted. While still in his twenties, he made many contributions in both pure and applied mathematics that established him as a mathematician of unusual depth. His Mathematical Foundations of Quantum Mechanics (1932) built a solid framework for the new scientific discipline. During this time he also proved the mini-max theorem of GAME THEORY. He gradually expanded his work in game theory, and with coauthor Oskar Morgenstern he wrote Theory of Games and Economic Behavior (1944).
</p>There are some numbers which can be expressed by the sum of factorials. For example 9,9=1!+2!+3! Dr. von Neumann was very interested in such numbers. So, he gives you a number n, and wants you to tell him whether or not the number can be expressed by the sum of some factorials.
Well, it's just a piece of cake. For a given n, you'll check if there are some xi, and let n equal to ¦²<sub>1&lt;=i&lt;=t</sub><p>x</p><sub>i</sub><p>!. (t &gt;=1 1, xi &gt;= 0, xi = xj iff. i = j). If the answer is yes, say "YES"; otherwise, print out "NO".</p><h2>Input</h2><p>You will get several non-negative integer n (n &lt;= 1,000,000) from input file. Each one is in a line by itself.
</p>The input is terminated by a line with a negative integer.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each n, you should print exactly one word ("YES" or "NO") in a single line. No extra spaces are allowed.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">9
-1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">YES</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Asia+Guangzhou+2003">Asia Guangzhou 2003</a>