<h2>Description</h2><p>The National Resource Company (NRC) plans to use satellite to help identify potential mines. To make the problem clear, NRC assumes that the region of interest is a square of land, which can be coordinated as [0, N]*[0, N]. Potential mines are represented as various points in the square. Due to some technical hindrance, the satellite could only detect a region of square of M*M during a single trial, which will give the details of these potential mines within this detecting region. To further simplify the case, NRC announces that its satellite can only detect a region of square, whose vertex locates at the position of integer coordinates, i.e., [A, M+A]*[B, M+B](A and B are integers, and A&gt;=0, B&gt;=0, M+A&lt;=N, M+B&lt;=N); moreover, all the potential mines would never holds an integer coordinate. Therefore, a program should be provided which can determine the detecting region of the satellite to maximize the number of potential mines within the detecting square.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line contains the number of test cases T (1 &lt;= T &lt;= 20). Then follow T test cases. For each test case, the total number of points K (0 &lt; K &lt;=10000), N (0 &lt; N &lt;= 1000), M (0 &lt; M &lt;= 100, M &lt;= N) are given in the first line; and the following K lines give the x-coordinate and y-coordinate of the K potential mines. (Notice that the coordinates will be floats)</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, give the optimizing detecting region as print the coordinates of the lower-left vertex of the square in a single line. If more than one choice is possible, give the one that is at the upper-most on the land; if even this cannot turns out a unique solution, give the one that is at the right-most on the land.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">1
2 10 3
1.54 1.73
3.12 3.92
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1 1</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly">POJ Monthly</a>