<h2>Description</h2><p>The Royal Canadian Mint has commissioned a new series of designer coffee tables, with legs that are constructed from stacks of coins. Each table has four legs, each of which uses a different type of coin. For example, one leg might be a stack of quarters, another nickels, another loonies, and another twonies. Each leg must be exactly the same length. 
</p>Many coins are available for these tables, including foreign and special commemorative coins. Given an inventory of available coins and a desired table height, compute the lengths nearest to the desired height for which four legs of equal length may be constructed using a different coin for each leg. 
<h2>Input</h2><p>Input consists of several test cases. Each case begins with two integers: 4 &lt;= n &lt;= 50 giving the number of types of coins available, and 1 &lt;= t &lt;= 10 giving the number of tables to be designed. n lines follow; each gives the thickness of a coin in hundredths of millimetres. t lines follow; each gives the height of a table to be designed (also in hundredths of millimetres). A line containing 0 0 follows the last test case. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each table, output a line with two integers: the greatest leg length not exceeding the desired length, and the smallest leg length not less than the desired length. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 2
50
100
200
400
1000
2000
0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">800 1200
2000 2000
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Waterloo+local+2004.09.19">Waterloo local 2004.09.19</a>