<h2>Description</h2><p>MegaFirm Inc. has created a set of patterns to aid its telephone help-desk operators in responding to customers. A pattern is a phrase consisting of words and placeholders. A word is simply a string of letters. A placeholder is a word enclosed in angle brackets (that is &lt; ... &gt;). A phrase matches a pattern if each placeholder in the pattern can be systematically replaced by a word so as to make the pattern and phrase equal. By "systematically replaced" we mean that all placeholders enclosing the same word are replaced by the same word. 
</p>For example, the phrase 

   to be or not to be

matches the pattern 
   &lt;foo&gt; be &lt;bar&gt; not &lt;foo&gt; &lt;baf&gt;

because we can replace &lt;foo&gt; by to, &lt;bar&gt; by or, and &lt;baf&gt; by be. 
Given two patterns, you are to find a phrase that matches both. <h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of input contains n, the number of test cases. Each test case consists of two lines of input; each a pattern. Patterns consist of lowercase words, and placeholders containing lowercase words. No pattern exceeds 100 characters. Words contain at most 16 characters. A single space separates adjacent words and placeholders. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output a phrase that matches both patterns. If several phrases match, any will do. If no phrase matches, output a line containing "-" (a single minus sign).</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
how now brown &amp;lt;animal&amp;gt;
&amp;lt;foo&amp;gt; now &amp;lt;color&amp;gt; cow
who are you
&amp;lt;a&amp;gt; &amp;lt;b&amp;gt; &amp;lt;a&amp;gt;
&amp;lt;a&amp;gt; b
c &amp;lt;a&amp;gt;
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">how now brown cow
-
c b
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Waterloo+local+2004.09.25">Waterloo local 2004.09.25</a>