<h2>Description</h2><p>There are n cities in Byteland (numbered from 1 to n), connected by bidirectional roads. The king of Byteland is not very generous, so there are only n-1 roads, but they connect the cities in such a way that it is possible to travel from each city to any other city. 
</p>One day, a traveller Byterider arrived in the city number k. He was planning to make a journey starting in the city k and visiting on his way cities m1 , m2 , ..., mj (not necessarily in this order) --the numbers m i are all different and they are also different from k. Byterider -- like every traveller -- has only a limited amount of money, so he would like to visit all the cities that he has planned to visit using the shortest possible path (starting in the city k). A path is one road or a sequence of roads, where every next road begins in the city where the previous one ends. Help Byterider to determine the length of the shortest path for his journey. <h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the standard input contains two integers n and k separated by a single space (2 &lt;= n &lt;= 50000, 1 &lt;= k &lt;= n), n is the number of cities in Byteland and k is the number of the first city on Byterider's path. Each of the following n-1 lines contains the description of one road in Byteland. Line (i + 1) (for 1 &lt;= i &lt;= n-1) contains three integers ai , bi and di separated by single spaces (1 &lt;= ai ; bi &lt;= n, 1 &lt;= di &lt;= 1000), ai and bi are the cities connected by the road, and di is the length of the road. Line (n + 1) contains one integer j -- the number of cities which Byterider would like to visit (1 &lt;= j &lt;= n-1). The next line contains j different integers m i separated by single spaces -- the numbers of the cities that Byterider would like to visit (1 &lt;= mi &lt;= n, mi != k). </p><h2>Output</h2><p>The first and only line of the standard output should contain exactly one integer: the length of the shortest path for Byterider's journey. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 2
1 2 1
4 2 2
2 3 3
2
1 3</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=CEOI+2004+sample+task">CEOI 2004 sample task</a>