<h2>Description</h2><p>Mike is frantically scrambling to finish his thesis at the last minute. He needs to assemble all his research notes into vaguely coherent form in the next 3 days. Unfortunately, he notices that he had been extremely sloppy in his calculations. Whenever he needed to perform arithmetic, he just plugged it into a calculator and scribbled down as much of the answer as he felt was relevant. Whenever a repeating fraction was displayed, Mike simply reccorded the first few digits followed by "...". For instance, instead of "1/3" he might have written down "0.3333...". Unfortunately, his results require exact fractions! He doesn't have time to redo every calculation, so he needs you to write a program (and FAST!) to automatically deduce the original fractions. 
</p>To make this tenable, he assumes that the original fraction is always the simplest one that produces the given sequence of digits; by simplest, he means the the one with smallest denominator. Also, he assumes that he did not neglect to write down important digits; no digit from the repeating portion of the decimal expansion was left unrecorded (even if this repeating portion was all zeroes). <h2>Input</h2><p>There are several test cases. For each test case there is one line of input of the form "0.dddd..." where dddd is a string of 1 to 9 digits, not all zero. A line containing 0 follows the last case.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each case, output the original fraction.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">0.2...
0.20...
0.474612399...
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2/9
1/5
1186531/2500000
</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Note that an exact decimal fraction has two repeating expansions (e.g. 1/5 = 0.2000... = 0.19999...).</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Waterloo+local+2003.09.27">Waterloo local 2003.09.27</a>