<h2>Description</h2><p>Bill and Ted are taking a road trip. But the odometer in their car is broken, so they don't know how many miles they have driven. Fortunately, Bill has a working stopwatch, so they can record their speed and the total time they have driven. Unfortunately, their record keeping strategy is a little odd, so they need help computing the total distance driven. You are to write a program to do this computation. 
</p>
For example, if their log shows
<blockquote><table cellpadding="2" cellspacing="2" border="1"><tbody><tr><td>Speed in miles perhour<br></td><td>Total elapsed time in hours<br></td></tr><tr><td>20<br></td><td>2<br></td></tr><tr><td>30<br></td><td>6<br></td></tr><tr><td>10<br></td><td>7<br></td></tr></tbody></table></blockquote><p>
</p>this means they drove 2 hours at 20 miles per hour, then 6-2=4 hours at 30 miles per hour, then 7-6=1 hour at 10 miles per hour. The distance driven is then (2)(20) + (4)(30) + (1)(10) = 40 + 120 + 10 = 170 miles. Note that the total elapsed time is always since the beginning of the trip, not since the previous entry in their log. <h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of one or more data sets. Each set starts with a line containing an integer n, 1 &lt;= n &lt;= 10,  followed by n pairs of values, one pair per line. The first value in a pair, s, is the speed in miles per hour and the second value, t, is the total elapsed time. Both s and t are integers, 1 &lt;= s &lt;= 90 and 1 &lt;= t &lt;= 12.  The values for t are always in strictly increasing order. A value of -1 for n signals the end of the input. 
</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each input set, print the distance driven, followed by a space, followed by the word "miles"</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
20 2
30 6
10 7
2
60 1
30 5
4
15 1
25 2
30 3
10 5
-1
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">170 miles
180 miles
90 miles</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Central+USA+2004">Mid-Central USA 2004</a>