<h2>Description</h2><p>Given a sequence of consecutive integers n,n+1,n+2,...,m, an anti-prime sequence is a rearrangement of these integers so that each adjacent pair of integers sums to a composite (non-prime) number. For example, if n = 1 and m = 10, one such anti-prime sequence is 1,3,5,4,2,6,9,7,8,10. This is also the lexicographically first such sequence.
</p>
We can extend the definition by defining a degree danti-prime sequence as one where all consecutive subsequences of length 2,3,...,d sum to a composite number. The sequence above is a degree 2 anti-prime sequence, but not a degree 3, since the subsequence 5, 4, 2 sums to 11. The lexicographically .rst degree 3 anti-prime sequence for these numbers is 1,3,5,4,6,2,10,8,7,9.
<h2>Input</h2><p>Input will consist of multiple input sets. Each set will consist of three integers, n, m, and d on a single line. The values of n, m and d will satisfy 1 &lt;= n &lt; m &lt;= 1000, and 2 &lt;= d &lt;= 10. The line 0 0 0 will indicate end of input and should not be processed.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each input set, output a single line consisting of a comma-separated list of integers forming a degree danti-prime sequence (do not insert any spaces and do not split the output over multiple lines). In the case where more than one anti-prime sequence exists, print the lexicographically first one (i.e., output the one with the lowest first value; in case of a tie, the lowest second value, etc.). In the case where no anti-prime sequence exists, output
</p>
No anti-prime sequence exists.
<pre><code class="language-input1">1 10 2
1 10 3
1 10 5
40 60 7
0 0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1,3,5,4,2,6,9,7,8,10
1,3,5,4,6,2,10,8,7,9
No anti-prime sequence exists.
40,41,43,42,44,46,45,47,48,50,55,53,52,60,56,49,51,59,58,57,54</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=East+Central+North+America+2004">East Central North America 2004</a>