<h2>Description</h2><p>In a rectangular 2D world everything is rectangular. Rectangular people live in rectangular houses, drive rectangular cars and work in rectangular offices. The only day of a year when everything is not rectangular is April 1st --- the Fool's Day. On that day people send each other postcards with jokes and these postcards have a form of parallelograms. To support this tradition the rectangular world industry produces different parallelogram postcards and envelopes. 
</p>Mr. Rect Squarowski wants to start a new business. He would like to provide a web service that determines whether a Fool's Day postcard fits Fool's Day envelope. Help Mr. Squarowski to earn his next billion of money rects. <h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains integer number n (1 &lt;= n &lt;= 1 000) --- the number of test cases. Each test case consists of six integer numbers. The first three numbers describe an envelope, the last three --- a postcard. 
</p>Three numbers describing each parallelogram are the lengths of its adjacent sides and its diagonal re-spectively. Specified lengths will not be greater than 1 000. 
It is guaranteed that the corresponding parallelogram exists and it is not degenerate. <h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case output a single line. Print "Yes" if a postcard fits an envelope or "No" if it doesn't. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
3 4 6 4 3 6
6 6 7 5 5 8
11 11 11 10 10 2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Yes
Yes
No</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2004">Northeastern Europe 2004</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>