<h2>Description</h2><p>You are working for Macrohard company in data structures department. After failing your previous task about key insertion you were asked to write a new data structure that would be able to return quickly k-th order statistics in the array segment. 
</p>That is, given an array a[1...n] of different integer numbers, your program must answer a series of questions Q(i, j, k) in the form: "What would be the k-th number in a[i...j] segment, if this segment was sorted?" 
For example, consider the array a = (1, 5, 2, 6, 3, 7, 4). Let the question be Q(2, 5, 3). The segment a[2...5] is (5, 2, 6, 3). If we sort this segment, we get (2, 3, 5, 6), the third number is 5, and therefore the answer to the question is 5. <h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains n --- the size of the array, and m --- the number of questions to answer (1 &lt;= n &lt;= 100 000, 1 &lt;= m &lt;= 5 000). 
</p>The second line contains n different integer numbers not exceeding 10<sup>9</sup><p> by their absolute values --- the array for which the answers should be given. 
</p>The following m lines contain question descriptions, each description consists of three numbers: i, j, and k (1 &lt;= i &lt;= j &lt;= n, 1 &lt;= k &lt;= j - i + 1) and represents the question Q(i, j, k). <h2>Output</h2><p>For each question output the answer to it --- the k-th number in sorted a[i...j] segment. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">7 3
1 5 2 6 3 7 4
2 5 3
4 4 1
1 7 3</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5
6
3</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>This problem has huge input,so please use c-style input(scanf,printf),or you may got time limit exceed.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2004">Northeastern Europe 2004</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>