<h2>Description</h2><p>Nick has recently learned about a special kind of sets called artinian sets or simply artinals. These sets have the advantage of possessing a finite representation, so they can be processed by a computer. However, their formal definition is a bit complicated. Here it is:</p><ul><li>The only <i>artinal of height</i> ≤ 0 is the empty set ∅.</li><li><i>Artinals of height</i> ≤ <i>n</i> are exactly the finite sets composed of artinals of height ≤ <i>n</i> − 1. Here <i>n</i> ≥ 1 is an arbitrary natural number.</li><li>Finally, <i>A</i> is an <i>artinal</i> if A is an artinal of height ≤ <i>n</i> for at least one integer <i>n</i>.</li><li>The set of all artinals is denoted by <i>U</i>.</li></ul><p>It is immediate from the definition that an artinal of height ≤ </p><i>n</i><p> is also an artinal of height ≤ </p><i>n</i><p> + 1. Thus for any artinal </p><i>A</i><p> we can define its </p><i>height</i><p> </p><i>h</i><p>(</p><i>A</i><p>) as the minimal integer </p><i>n</i><p> such that </p><i>A</i><p> is an artinal of height ≤ </p><i>n</i><p>. An artinal of height </p><i>n</i><p> is also called an </p><i>n-artinal</i><p>. There were two other definitions which took a lot of time to understand. They are the definition of </p><i>canonical order</i><p> on </p><i>U</i><p> (denoted by &lt;) and the definition of </p><i>canonical form</i><p> of an artinal:</p><ul><li>The canonical form of an artinal <i>A</i> of height ≤ <i>n</i> is a representation <i>A</i> = {<i>A</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>A</i><sub>2</sub>, …, <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>} where <i>A<sub>i</sub></i> are artinals of height ≤ <i>n</i> − 1 and <i>A</i><sub>1</sub> &lt; <i>A</i><sub>2</sub> &lt; … &lt; <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>.</li><li>If <i>A</i> = { <i>A</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>A</i><sub>2</sub>, …, <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>} and <i>B</i> = { <i>B</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>B</i><sub>2</sub> , …, <i>B<sub>t</sub></i>} are two artinals of height ≤ <i>n</i> written in the canonical form, then we put <i>A</i> &lt; <i>B</i> iff there exists an integer <i>k</i>, 1 ≤ <i>k</i> ≤ min(<i>s</i> + 1, <i>t</i>), such that <i>A<sub>j</sub></i> = <i>B<sub>j</sub></i> for all integer <i>j</i> such that 1 ≤ <i>j</i> &lt; <i>k</i> and either <i>k</i> = <i>s</i> + 1 or <i>A<sub>k</sub></i> &lt; <i>B<sub>k</sub></i>.</li></ul><p>Now we can define for any artinal </p><i>A</i><p> its canonical representation. It is a string repr(</p><i>A</i><p>) composed of characters ‘{’, ‘}’ and ‘,’ defined in the following way: repr(∅) = “{}”, and if </p><i>A</i><p> is an artinal with canonical form </p><i>A</i><p> = {</p><i>A</i><sub>1</sub><p>, </p><i>A</i><sub>2</sub><p>, …, </p><i>A<sub>s</sub></i><p>}, then repr(A) = “{” + repr(</p><i>A</i><sub>1</sub><p>) + “,” + … + “,” + repr(</p><i>A<sub>s</sub></i><p>) + “}”. The canonical representation is often rather lengthy. In order to shorten it, the following definition is introduced. For any integer </p><i>n</i><p> ≥ 0 an artinal </p><u><i>n</i></u><p> (called </p><i>finite ordinal</i><p>) is defined by induction on </p><i>n</i><p>: </p><u>0</u><p> := ∅ and </p><u><i>n</i> + 1</u><p> := {</p><u><i>n</i></u><p>} ∪ </p><u><i>n</i></u><p> for all </p><i>n</i><p> ≥ 0. Then we can define the </p><i>reduced canonical representation</i><p> of an artinal in the following way: We take the canonical representation of this artinal and substitute </p><i>n</i><p> for any occurrence of the ordinal </p><u><i>n</i></u><p> that is not contained in an occurrence of </p><i>m</i><p> for some </p><i>m</i><p> &gt; </p><i>n</i><p>.</p><p></p><p>Then some operations on artinals are defined. These operations (from highest priority to lowest) are:</p><ul><li>Unary intersection ∩ : for a non-empty artinal <i>A</i> = {<i>A</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>A</i><sub>2</sub>, …, <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>} put ∩<i>A</i> := <i>A</i><sub>1</sub> ∩ <i>A</i><sub>2</sub> ∩ … ∩ <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>.</li><li>Unary union ∪: for any artinal <i>A</i> = {<i>A</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>A</i><sub>2</sub>, …, <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>} put ∪<i>A</i> := <i>A</i><sub>1</sub> ∪ <i>A</i><sub>2</sub> ∪ … ∪ <i>A<sub>s</sub></i>; ∪∅ := ∅.</li><li>Binary intersection ∩: <i>A</i> ∩ <i>B</i> := {<i>x</i> : <i>x</i> ∈ <i>A</i> ∧ <i>x</i> ∈ <i>B</i>}.</li><li>Binary union ∪: <i>A</i> ∪ <i>B</i> := {<i>x</i> : <i>x</i> ∈ <i>A</i> ∨ x ∈ <i>B</i>}.</li><li>Binary difference −: <i>A</i> − <i>B</i> := {<i>x</i> ∈ <i>A</i> : <i>x</i> ∉ <i>B</i>}.</li><li>Binary symmetrical difference ⊕: <i>A</i> ⊕ <i>B</i> := (<i>A</i> − <i>B</i>) ∪ (<i>B</i> − <i>A</i>).</li></ul><p>Besides, some relations between artinals are defined:</p><ul><li>Equality = and inequality ≠.</li><li>Inclusion ⊂ and ⊃: (<i>A</i> ⊂ <i>B</i>) ⇔ (<i>B</i> ⊃ <i>A</i>) ⇔ (<i>x</i> ∈ <i>A</i> ⇒ <i>x</i> ∈ <i>B</i>).</li><li>Element relations ∈ and ∋: <i>B</i> ∈ <i>A</i> (equivalent to <i>A</i> ∋ <i>B</i>) means that <i>B</i> is an element of <i>A</i>.</li><li>Canonical order relations &lt;, &gt;, ≤, ≥ described above (as usual, <i>A</i> ≤ <i>B</i> ⇔ ((<i>A</i> &lt; <i>B</i>) ∨ (<i>A</i> = <i>B</i>)), <i>A</i> &gt; <i>B</i> ⇔ <i>B</i> &lt; <i>A</i> and <i>A</i> ≥ <i>B</i> ⇔ <i>B</i> ≤ <i>A</i>).</li></ul><p>Now Nick wants you to write a program that would make some computations with artinals. This program will consist of several operators, each on a separate line. There are five kinds of operators:</p><ul><li>Assignment operator &lt;<i>ident</i>&gt; “:=” &lt;<i>expr</i>&gt; — sets variable &lt;<i>ident</i>&gt; to the value of expression &lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;.</li><li>Evaluate operator “!”&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt; — evaluates &lt;<i>expr</i>&gt; and prints the result in reduced canonical representation on a separate line of output.</li><li>Check condition operator “?”&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;&lt;<i>relation</i>&gt;&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt; — checks the condition and outputs either “FALSE” or “TRUE” on a separate line of output.</li><li>Comment operator “#”&lt;<i>any_characters</i>&gt; — the entire line is copied to the output.</li><li>Empty operator — an empty line (i.e. line consisting only of blank characters) — does nothing.</li></ul><p>The following definitions are used:<br>&lt;<i>ident</i>&gt; ::= &lt;<i>alpha</i>&gt;{&lt;<i>alpha</i>&gt;}<br>&lt;<i>alpha</i>&gt; ::= &lt;<i>letter</i>&gt;|&lt;<i>digit</i>&gt;|“_”<br>&lt;<i>digit</i>&gt; ::= “0”|“1”|…|“9”<br>&lt;<i>letter</i>&gt; ::= “A”|“B”|…|“Z”|“a”|“b”|…|“z”<br>&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt; ::= “{”[&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;{“,”&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;}]“}”|&lt;<i>ident</i>&gt;|&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;&lt;<i>binop</i>&gt;&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;|&lt;<i>unop</i>&gt;&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;|“(”&lt;<i>expr</i>&gt;“)”<br>&lt;<i>binop</i>&gt; ::= “+”|“*”|“−”|“^”<br>&lt;<i>unop</i>&gt; ::= “+”|“*”<br>&lt;<i>relation</i>&gt; ::= “&lt;”|“&gt;”|“=”|“&lt;=”|“&gt;=”|“&lt;&gt;”|“−&gt;”|“&lt;−”|“&lt;&lt;”|“&gt;&gt;”<br>The binary operators (in the order they were listed in the definition of &lt;<i>binop</i>&gt;) correspond to ∪, ∩, − and ⊕; the unary operators correspond to ∪ and ∩; finally, the relations correspond to &lt;, &gt;, =, ≤, ≥, ≠, ∈, ∋, ⊂, ⊃. Parentheses “(” and “)” are used to change the precedence of operations as usual. All tokens of input (except several &lt;<i>alpha</i>&gt; forming a single &lt;<i>ident</i>&gt;) can be separated by an arbitrary number of blank characters (i.e. spaces and tabulation characters).</p><p></p><p>Besides, before the execution of the program the variables with names that are decimal representations (without leading zeros) of non-negative integers </p><i>n</i><p> ≤ 2</p><sup>9</sup><p> are set to the finite ordinals </p><u><i>n</i></u><p>. All other variables are initialized with ∅. All identifiers are case-sensitive.</p><p></p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input file consists of not more than one hundred lines each containing a single operator. No line is longer than 254 characters. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Produce one line of output for each “?”, “!” and “#” operator as described above. It is guaranteed that there will be no “run-time errors” (e.g. unary ∩ will never be applied to an empty set).</p><pre><code class="language-input1">  !2    + 2
!2*2
!3-4
 #  More examples!

00 := 5+3
! 3-5
! 00
! (5-3)*(5+3)
? 3&amp;gt;9
A := {2,3,9}
B := {1,7}
! A^ B
! +239
? 2-&amp;gt;00
? 2&amp;lt;&amp;lt;00
? A&amp;gt;&amp;gt;B
! {{{},{{}},{}},B,{A},{B},{A,B}}+B
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2 
2 
0 
 #  More examples!
0 
5 
{3,4}
FALSE 
{1,2,3,7,9}
238 
TRUE 
TRUE 
FALSE 
{1,2,7,{1,7},{{1,7}},{{1,7},{2,3,9}},{{2,3,9}}}</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2003">Northeastern Europe 2003</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>