<h2>Description</h2><p>Alice and Bob play the following game. First, Alice draws some directed graph with N vertices and M arcs. After that Bob tries to destroy it. In a move he may take any vertex of the graph and remove either all arcs incoming into this vertex, or all arcs outgoing from this vertex. 
</p>Alice assigns two costs to each vertex: Wi<sup>+</sup><p> and Wi</p><sup>-</sup><p>. If Bob removes all arcs incoming into the i-th vertex he pays Wi</p><sup>+</sup><p> dollars to Alice, and if he removes outgoing arcs he pays Wi</p><sup>-</sup><p> dollars. 
</p>Find out what minimal sum Bob needs to remove all arcs from the graph. <h2>Input</h2><p>Input file describes the graph Alice has drawn. The first line of the input file contains N and M (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 100, 1 &lt;= M &lt;= 5000). The second line contains N integer numbers specifying Wi</p><sup>+</sup><p>. The third line defines Wi</p><sup>-</sup><p> in a similar way. All costs are positive and do not exceed 10</p><sup>6</sup><p> . Each of the following M lines contains two integers describing the corresponding arc of the graph. Graph may contain loops and parallel arcs. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>On the first line of the output file print W --- the minimal sum Bob must have to remove all arcs from the graph. On the second line print K --- the number of moves Bob needs to do it. After that print K lines that describe Bob's moves. Each line must first contain the number of the vertex and then '+' or '-' character, separated by one space. Character '+' means that Bob removes all arcs incoming into the specified vertex and '-' that Bob removes all arcs outgoing from the specified vertex. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">3 6
1 2 3
4 2 1
1 2
1 1
3 2
1 2
3 1
2 3
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5
3
1 +
2 -
2 +</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2003">Northeastern Europe 2003</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>