<h2>Description</h2><p>The cows have been making movies lately, so they are ready to play a variant of the famous game "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon".
</p>
The game works like this: each cow is considered to be zero degrees of separation (degrees) away from herself. If two distinct cows have been in a movie together, each is considered to be one 'degree' away from the other.  If a two cows have never worked together but have both worked with a third cow, they are considered to be two 'degrees' away from each other (counted as: one degree to the cow they've worked with and one more to the other cow).  This scales to the general case.

The N (2 &lt;= N &lt;= 300) cows are interested in figuring out which cow has the smallest average degree of separation from all the other cows. excluding herself of course. The cows have made M (1 &lt;= M &lt;= 10000) movies and it is guaranteed that some relationship path exists between every pair of cows.
<h2>Input</h2><p>* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: N and M
</p>
* Lines 2..M+1: Each input line contains a set of two or more space-separated integers that describes the cows appearing in a single movie.  The first integer is the number of cows participating in the described movie, (e.g., Mi); the subsequent Mi integers tell which cows were.
<h2>Output</h2><p>* Line 1: A single integer that is 100 times the shortest mean degree of separation of any of the cows.
</p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 2
3 1 2 3
2 3 4
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">100
</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>[Cow 3 has worked with all the other cows and thus has degrees of separation: 1, 1, and 1 -- a mean of 1.00 .]
</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2003+March+Orange">USACO 2003 March Orange</a>