<h2>Description</h2><p>Organizing a programming contest is not an easy job. To avoid making the problems too difficult, the organizer usually expect the contest result satisfy the following two terms:
</p>1.	All of the teams solve at least one problem.
2.	The champion (One of those teams that solve the most problems) solves at least a certain number of problems.

Now the organizer has studied out the contest problems, and through the result of preliminary contest, the organizer can estimate the probability that a certain team can successfully solve a certain problem.

Given the number of contest problems M, the number of teams T, and the number of problems N that the organizer expect the champion solve at least. We also assume that team i solves problem j with the probability Pij (1 &lt;= i &lt;= T, 1&lt;= j &lt;= M). Well, can you calculate the probability that all of the teams solve at least one problem, and at the same time the champion team solves at least N problems?
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of several test cases. The first line of each test case contains three integers M (0 &lt; M &lt;= 30), T (1 &lt; T &lt;= 1000) and N (0 &lt; N &lt;= M). Each of the following T lines contains M floating-point numbers in the range of [0,1]. In these T lines, the j-th number in the i-th line is just Pij. A test case of M = T = N = 0 indicates the end of input, and should not be processed.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, please output the answer in a separate line. The result should be rounded to three digits after the decimal point. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 2 2
0.9 0.9
1 0.9
0 0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">0.972</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly">POJ Monthly</a><p>,³Сʯ</p>