<h2>Description</h2><p>Given an N*N matrix A, whose elements are either 0 or 1. A[i, j] means the number in the i-th row and j-th column. Initially we have A[i, j] = 0 (1 &lt;= i, j &lt;= N).
</p>
We can change the matrix in the following way. Given a rectangle whose upper-left corner is (x1, y1) and lower-right corner is (x2, y2), we change all the elements in the rectangle by using "not" operation (if it is a '0' then change it into '1' otherwise change it into '0'). To maintain the information of the matrix, you are asked to write a program to receive and execute two kinds of instructions.

1.	C x1 y1 x2 y2 (1 &lt;= x1 &lt;= x2 &lt;= n, 1 &lt;= y1 &lt;= y2 &lt;= n) changes the matrix by using the rectangle whose upper-left corner is (x1, y1) and lower-right corner is (x2, y2).
2.	Q x y (1 &lt;= x, y &lt;= n) querys A[x, y].
<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input is an integer X (X &lt;= 10) representing the number of test cases. The following X blocks each represents a test case.
</p>
The first line of each block contains two numbers N and T (2 &lt;= N &lt;= 1000, 1 &lt;= T &lt;= 50000) representing the size of the matrix and the number of the instructions. The following T lines each represents an instruction having the format "Q x y" or "C x1 y1 x2 y2", which has been described above.
<h2>Output</h2><p>For each querying output one line, which has an integer representing A[x, y].
</p>
There is a blank line between every two continuous test cases.
<pre><code class="language-input1">1
2 10
C 2 1 2 2
Q 2 2
C 2 1 2 1
Q 1 1
C 1 1 2 1
C 1 2 1 2
C 1 1 2 2
Q 1 1
C 1 1 2 1
Q 2 1
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1
0
0
1
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly">POJ Monthly</a><p>,Lou Tiancheng</p>