<h2>Description</h2><p>Let us consider an undirected graph G = &lt; V,E &gt;. Let us denote by N(v) the set of vertices connected to vertex v (i.e. the set of neighbours of v). Recall that the number of vertices connected to v is called the degree of this vertex and is denoted by deg v.
</p>We will call graph G strange if it is connected and for its every vertex v the following conditions are satisfied:
<blockquote>1. deg v &gt;= 2 (i.e. there are at least two vertices connected to v)
<br>2. If deg v = 2 then the two neighbours of v are not connected by an edge
<br>3. If degv &gt; 2 then there is u ¡Ê N(v), such that the following is true:
<br><blockquote>(a) deg u = 2
<br>(b) Any two different vertices w1,w2 ¡Ê N(v) \ {u} are connected, i.e. (w1,w2) ¡Ê E.</blockquote></blockquote><p>
</p>You are given some strange graph G. Find hamiltonian cycle in it, i.e. find such cycle that it goes through every vertex of G exactly once.<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains two integer numbers N and M -- the number of vertices and edges in G respectively (3 &lt;= N &lt;= 10 000, M &lt;= 100 000). 2M integer numbers follow -- each pair represents vertices connected by the corresponding edge (vertices are numbered from 1 to N). It is guaranteed that each edge occurs exactly once in the input file and that there are no loops (i.e. ends of each edge are distinct).</p><h2>Output</h2><p>If there is no hamiltonian cycle in G, print -1 on the first line of the output file. In the other case output N numbers -- the sequence of vertices of G as they appear in the hamiltonian cycle found (note that the last vertex must be connected to the first one). If there are several solutions, output any one.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 4
1 2 2 3 3 4 4 1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1 2 3 4</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2002">Northeastern Europe 2002</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>