<h2>Description</h2><p>You want to plan a big birthday party with your friends. On planning you notice that you have to do a lot of operations with sets of friends. There is one group which consist of Arthur, Biene and Clemens. Then there is a group of friends you know from snowboarding which consists of Daniel, Ernst, Frida and Gustav. If you want to invite them both, the resulting party group consists of g1 + g2 (the result is the union of both groups). Then you can compute the intersection of the two groups g1 * g2, which consists of the empty set. Maybe you want to invite a group g1, but excluding all members of an other group g2, which is written as g1 - g2. 
</p>Intersection (*) has precedence over union (+) and set difference (-). All operations are left associative, which means that in A op1 B op2 C you first have to evaluate A op1 B (provided op1 and op2 have equal precedence). 
<h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of one or more lines. Each line contains one expression that you have to evaluate. Expressions are syntactically correct and only consist of the characters: 
</p><ul><li>'{' and '}' 
<br></li><li>the elements 'A' to 'Z' meaning friend Arthur to Zora. 
<br></li><li>the operations '+', '-' and '*' 
<br></li><li>'(' and ')' for grouping operations 
<br></li><li>the newline character '\n' marking the end of an expression. </li></ul><p>
</p>A line is never longer than 255 characters.<h2>Output</h2><p>Output the resulting set in curly braces '{' and '}', each on a line of its own. Print elements of sets sorted alphabetically. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">{ABC}
{ABC}+{DEFG}+{Z}+{}
{ABE}*{ABCD}
{ABCD}-{CZ}
{ABC}+{CDE}*{CEZ}
({ABC}+{CDE})*{CEZ}
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">{ABC}
{ABCDEFGZ}
{AB}
{ABD}
{ABCE}
{CE}
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Ulm+Local+1999">Ulm Local 1999</a>