<h2>Description</h2><p>A certain spreadsheet program labels the columns of a spreadsheet using letters. Column 1 is labeled as ``A", column 2 as ``B", ..., column 26 as ``Z". When the number of columns is greater than 26, another letter is used. For example, column 27 is ``AA", column 28 is ``AB" and column 52 is ``AZ". It follows that column 53 would be ``BA" and so on. Similarly, when column ``ZZ" is reached, the next column would be ``AAA", then ``AAB" and so on. 
</p>
The rows in the spreadsheet are labeled using the row number. Rows start at 1. 

The designation for a particular cell within the spreadsheet is created by combining the column label with the row label. For example, the upper-left most cell would be ``A1". The cell at column 55 row 23 would be ``BC23". 

You will write a program that converts numeric row and column values into the spreadsheet designation. <h2>Input</h2><p>Input consists of lines of the form: RnCm. n represents the row number [1,300000000] and m represents the column number, 1&lt;=m&lt;=300000000. The values n and m define a single cell on the spreadsheet. Input terminates with the line: R0C0 (that is, n and m are 0). There will be no leading zeroes or extra spaces in the input. 
</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each line of input (except the terminating line), you will print out the spreadsheet designation for the specified cell as described above.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">R1C1
R3C1
R1C3
R299999999C26
R52C52
R53C17576
R53C17602
R0C0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">A1
A3
C1
Z299999999
AZ52
YYZ53
YZZ53
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Greater+New+York+2004">Greater New York 2004</a>