<h2>Description</h2><p>If you ever tried to read a html document on a Macintosh, you know how hard it is if no Netscape is installed. 
</p>Now, who can forget to install a HTML browser? This is very easy because most of the times you don't need one on a MAC because there is a Acrobate Reader which is native to MAC. But if you ever need one, what do you do? 
Your task is to write a small html-browser. It should only display the content of the input-file and knows only the html commands (tags) &lt;br&gt; which is a linebreak and &lt;hr&gt; which is a horizontal ruler. Then you should treat all tabulators, spaces and newlines as one space and display the resulting text with no more than 80 characters on a line. <h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of a text you should display. This text consists of words and HTML tags separated by one or more spaces, tabulators or newlines. 
</p>A word is a sequence of letters, numbers and punctuation. For example, "abc,123" is one word, but "abc, 123" are two words, namely "abc," and "123". A word is always shorter than 81 characters and does not contain any '&lt;' or '&gt;'. All HTML tags are either &lt;br&gt; or &lt;hr&gt;. <h2>Output</h2><p>You should display the the resulting text using this rules: 
</p>If you read a word in the input and the resulting line does not get longer than 80 chars, print it, else print it on a new line. 
If you read a &lt;br&gt; in the input, start a new line. 
If you read a &lt;hr&gt; in the input, start a new line unless you already are at the beginning of a line, display 80 characters of '-' and start a new line (again). 
The last line is ended by a newline character.<pre><code class="language-input1">Hallo, dies ist eine 
ziemlich lange Zeile, die in Html
aber nicht umgebrochen wird.
&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;
Zwei &amp;lt;br&amp;gt; &amp;lt;br&amp;gt; produzieren zwei Newlines. 
Es gibt auch noch das tag &amp;lt;hr&amp;gt; was einen Trenner darstellt.
Zwei &amp;lt;hr&amp;gt; &amp;lt;hr&amp;gt; produzieren zwei Horizontal Rulers.
Achtung       mehrere Leerzeichen irritieren

Html genauso wenig wie


mehrere Leerzeilen.
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Hallo, dies ist eine ziemlich lange Zeile, die in Html aber nicht umgebrochen
wird.
Zwei

produzieren zwei Newlines. Es gibt auch noch das tag
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
was einen Trenner darstellt. Zwei
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
produzieren zwei Horizontal Rulers. Achtung mehrere Leerzeichen irritieren Html
genauso wenig wie mehrere Leerzeilen.
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Ulm+Local+1999">Ulm Local 1999</a>