<h2>Description</h2><p>The database of the Pentagon contains a top-secret information. We don't know what the information is ！ you know, it's top-secret, ！ but we know the format of its representation. It is extremely simple. We don't know why, but all the data is coded by the natural numbers from 1 up to 5000. The size of the main base (we'll denote it be N) is rather big ！ it may contain up to 100 000 those numbers. The database is to process quickly every query. The most often query is: "Which element is i-th by its value?"！ with i being a natural number in a range from 1 to N.
</p>
Your program is to play a role of a controller of the database. In the other words, it should be able to process quickly queries like this.<h2>Input</h2><p>The standard input of the problem consists of two parts. At first, a database is written, and then there's a sequence of queries. The format of database is very simple: in the first line there's a number N, in the next N lines there are numbers of the database one in each line in an arbitrary order. A sequence of queries is written simply as well: in the first line of the sequence a number of queries K (1 &lt;= K &lt;= 100) is written, and in the next K lines there are queries one in each line. The query "Which element is i-th by its value?" is coded by the number i. A database is separated from a sequence of queries by the string of three symbols "#".</p><h2>Output</h2><p>The output should consist of K lines. In each line there should be an answer to the corresponding query. The answer to the query "i" is an element from the database, which is i-th by its value (in the order from the least up to the greatest element).</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5
7
121
123
7
121
###
4
3
3
2
5
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">121
121
7
123
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Ural+State+University+Internal+Contest+October%272000+Junior+Session">Ural State University Internal Contest October'2000 Junior Session</a>