<h2>Description</h2><p>We are supposed to make a budget proposal for this multi-site competition. The budget proposal is a matrix where the rows represent different kinds of expenses and the columns represent different sites. We had a meeting about this, some time ago where we discussed the sums over different kinds of expenses and sums over different sites. There was also some talk about special constraints: someone mentioned that Computer Center would need at least 2000K Rials for food and someone from Sharif Authorities argued they wouldn't use more than 30000K Rials for T-shirts. Anyway, we are sure there was more; we will go and try to find some notes from that meeting.
</p>
And, by the way, no one really reads budget proposals anyway, so we'll just have to make sure that it sums up properly and meets all constraints. <h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input contains an integer N, giving the number of test cases. The next line is empty, then, test cases follow: The first line of each test case contains two integers, m and n, giving the number of rows and columns (m &lt;= 200, n &lt;= 20). The second line contains m integers, giving the row sums of the matrix. The third line contains n integers, giving the column sums of the matrix. The fourth line contains an integer c (c &lt; 1000) giving the number of constraints. The next c lines contain the constraints. There is an empty line after each test case.
</p>
Each constraint consists of two integers r and q, specifying some entry (or entries) in the matrix (the upper left corner is 1 1 and 0 is interpreted as "ALL", i.e. 4 0 means all entries on the fourth row and 0 0 means the entire matrix), one element from the set {&lt;, =, &gt;} and one integer v, with the obvious interpretation. For instance, the constraint 1 2 &gt; 5 means that the cell in the 1st row and 2nd column must have an entry strictly greater than 5, and the constraint 4 0 = 3 means that all elements in the fourth row should be equal to 3.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each case output a matrix of non-negative integers meeting the above constraints or the string "IMPOSSIBLE" if no legal solution exists. Put </p><b>one empty line</b><p> between matrices.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2

2 3 
8 10 
5 6 7 
4 
0 2 &amp;gt; 2 
2 1 = 3 
2 3 &amp;gt; 2 
2 3 &amp;lt; 5 

2 2 
4 5 
6 7 
1 
1 1 &amp;gt; 10
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2 3 3 
3 3 4 

IMPOSSIBLE 

</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Tehran+2003+Preliminary">Tehran 2003 Preliminary</a>