<h2>Description</h2><p>The cows have purchased a yogurt factory that makes world-famous Yucky Yogurt. Over the next N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 10,000) weeks, the price of milk and labor will fluctuate weekly such that it will cost the company C_i (1 &lt;= C_i &lt;= 5,000) cents to produce one unit of yogurt in week i.  Yucky's factory, being well-designed, can produce arbitrarily many units of yogurt each week.
</p>
Yucky Yogurt owns a warehouse that can store unused yogurt at a constant fee of S (1 &lt;= S &lt;= 100) cents per unit of yogurt per week. Fortuitously, yogurt does not spoil.  Yucky Yogurt's warehouse is enormous, so it can hold arbitrarily many units of yogurt.

Yucky wants to find a way to make weekly deliveries of Y_i (0 &lt;= Y_i &lt;= 10,000) units of yogurt to its clientele (Y_i is the delivery quantity in week i). Help Yucky minimize its costs over the entire N-week period. Yogurt produced in week i, as well as any yogurt already in storage, can be used to meet Yucky's demand for that week.<h2>Input</h2><p>* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and S.
</p>
* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains two space-separated integers: C_i and Y_i.<h2>Output</h2><p>* Line 1: Line 1 contains a single integer: the minimum total cost to satisfy the yogurt schedule.  Note that the total might be too large for a 32-bit integer.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 5
88 200
89 400
97 300
91 500</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">126900</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>OUTPUT DETAILS:
</p>In week 1, produce 200 units of yogurt and deliver all of it. In week 2, produce 700 units: deliver 400 units while storing 300 units. In week 3, deliver the 300 units that were stored. In week 4, produce and deliver 500 units.
<h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2005+March+Gold">USACO 2005 March Gold</a>