<h2>Description</h2><p>Coco is a clever boy, who is good at mathematics. However, he is puzzled by a difficult mathematics problem. The problem is: Given three integers N, K and M, N may adds ('+') M, subtract ('-') M, multiples ('*') M or modulus ('%') M (The definition of '%' is given below), and the result will be restored in N. Continue the process above, can you make a situation that "[(the initial value of N) + 1] % K" is equal to "(the current value of N) % K"? If you can, find the minimum steps and what you should do in each step. Please help poor Coco to solve this problem. 
</p>
You should know that if a = b * q + r (q &gt; 0 and 0 &lt;= r &lt; q), then we have a % q = r.<h2>Input</h2><p>There are multiple cases. Each case contains three integers N, K and M (-1000 &lt;= N &lt;= 1000, 1 &lt; K &lt;= 1000, 0 &lt; M &lt;= 1000) in a single line.
</p> 
The input is terminated with three 0s. This test case is not to be processed.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each case, if there is no solution, just print 0. Otherwise, on the first line of the output print the minimum number of steps to make "[(the initial value of N) + 1] % K" is equal to "(the final value of N) % K". The second line print the operations to do in each step, which consist of '+', '-', '*' and '%'. If there are more than one solution, print the minimum one. (Here we define '+' &lt; '-' &lt; '*' &lt; '%'. And if A = a1a2...ak and B = b1b2...bk are both solutions, we say A &lt; B, if and only if there exists a P such that for i = 1, ..., P-1, ai = bi, and for i = P, ai &lt; bi)</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 2 2
-1 12 10
0 0 0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">0
2
*+
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=PKU+Monthly">PKU Monthly</a><p>,Wang Yijie</p>