<h2>Description</h2><p>The cows have been sent on a mission through space to acquire a new milking machine for their barn.  They are flying through a cluster of stars containing N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 50,000) planets, each with a trading post.
</p>
The cows have determined which of K (1 &lt;= K &lt;= 1,000) types of objects (numbered 1..K) each planet in the cluster desires, and which products they have to trade. No planet has developed currency, so they work under the barter system: all trades consist of each party trading exactly one object (presumably of different types).

The cows start from Earth with a canister of high quality hay (item 1), and they desire a new milking machine (item K). Help them find the best way to make a series of trades at the planets in the cluster to get item K.  If this task is impossible, output -1.<h2>Input</h2><p>* Line 1: Two space-separated integers, N and K.
</p>
* Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains two space-separated integers, a_i and b_i respectively, that are planet i's trading trading products. The planet will give item b_i in order to receive item a_i.<h2>Output</h2><p>* Line 1: One more than the minimum number of trades to get the milking machine which is item K (or -1 if the cows cannot obtain item K).
</p>
* Lines 2..T+1: The ordered list of the objects that the cows possess in the sequence of trades.<pre><code class="language-input1">6 5
1 3
3 2
2 3
3 1
2 5
5 4</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4
1
3
2
5</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>OUTPUT DETAILS:
</p>
The cows possess 4 objects in total: first they trade object 1 for object 3, then object 3 for object 2, then object 2 for object 5.<h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2005+February+Silver">USACO 2005 February Silver</a>