<h2>Description</h2><p>Farmer John's cows have discovered that the clover growing along the ridge of the hill (which we can think of as a one-dimensional number line) in his field is particularly good. 
</p>
Farmer John has N cows (we number the cows from 1 to N). Each of Farmer John's N cows has a range of clover that she particularly likes (these ranges might overlap). The ranges are defined by a closed interval [S,E]. 

But some cows are strong and some are weak. Given two cows: cow<sub>i</sub><p> and cow</p><sub>j</sub><p>, their favourite clover range is [Si, Ei] and [Sj, Ej]. If Si &lt;= Sj and Ej &lt;= Ei and Ei - Si &gt; Ej - Sj, we say that cow</p><sub>i</sub><p> is stronger than cow</p><sub>j</sub><p>.
</p>
For each cow, how many cows are stronger than her? Farmer John needs your help!<h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains multiple test cases.
</p>For each test case, the first line is an integer N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 10<sup>5</sup><p>), which is the number of cows. Then come N lines, the i-th of which contains two integers: S and E(0 &lt;= S &lt; E &lt;= 10</p><sup>5</sup><p>) specifying the start end location respectively of a range preferred by some cow. Locations are given as distance from the start of the ridge.
</p>
The end of the input contains a single 0.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output one line containing n space-separated integers, the i-th of which specifying the number of cows that are stronger than cow</p><sub>i</sub><p>.
</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
1 2
0 3
3 4
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1 0 0
</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Huge input and output,scanf and printf is recommended.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Contest">POJ Contest</a><p>,Author:Mathematica@ZSU</p>