<h2>Description</h2><p>In some simplistic DBMS named PreQueL, the only column type allowed is CHAR(1) (a single character), and furthermore, its values are restricted to English upper-case letters ('A' to 'Z'). Table may contain up to 9 columns, numbered from 1 to 9. Tables themselves are named with lower-case English letters ('a' to 'z').
</p>
The only database query possible first joins all the tables, then selects some rows according to conditions in one of two forms: either &lt; column&gt;=&lt; value&gt; or &lt; column1&gt;=&lt; column2&gt;, for example a2=A or b1=c4. All conditions must hold simultaneously, as if they were connected by 'AND' operator.

You must write a PreQueL processor, which, given a tables and a set of conditions, will produce query result, i.e. those rows of a join satisfying all the conditions. Resulting rows must be sorted alphabetically.<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of input file contains of two integers - number of tables T and number of conditions D.
</p>
Starting from the second line there are T tables represented with number of rows RN and number of columns CN in the first line of a table, which is followed by RN lines consisting of exactly CN characters each. D lines with conditions follow the whole set of tables.

The constraints are: 1 &lt;= T &lt;= 26, 1 &lt;= D &lt;= 50, 1 &lt;= CN &lt;= 9, 1 &lt;= RN &lt;= 1000.<h2>Output</h2><p>Output file contains result rows, one row per line. No input query will produce more than 1000 rows. The result rows are to be sorted alphabetically.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 2
3 2
AX
BX
BY
2 3
ACD
BCC
a1=b1
a2=X</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">AXACD
BXBCC
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2000">Northeastern Europe 2000</a><p>, Far-Eastern Subregion</p>