<h2>Description</h2><p>A software company wants to write a program to play a simple poker game. In the game, a player is given a hand, namely 5 distinct poker cards, from a deck of 52 distinct cards. A deck of 52 cards consists of 4suits of 13 cards each, coded and sequenced as A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, X,J, Q, and K. The 4 suits are club (C), heart (H), spade (S), and diamond(D).
</p>
You tasks is to write a program to determine the points of a hand of 5cards using the following scoring rules:
<ul><li>Straight flush: 1000 points five cards of the same suit in sequence, such as 76543 of hearts. Note that AKQJX is treated as a valid sequence.
<br></li><li>Four of a kind: 750 points four cards of the same rank accompanied by a "kicker", like 44442.
<br></li><li>Full house: 500 points three cards of one rank accompanied by two of another, such as 777JJ.
<br></li><li>Flush: 350 points five cards of the same suit, such as AJ942 of hearts.
<br></li><li>Straight: 250 points five cards in sequence, such as 76543. Note that AKQJX is treated as a valid sequence.
<br></li><li>Three of a kind: 200 points three cards of the same rank and two kickers of different ranks, such as KKK84.
<br></li><li>Two pairs: 100 points two cards of one rank, two cards of another rank and a kicker of a third rank, such as KK449.
<br></li><li>One pair: 50 points two cards of one rank accompanied by three kickers of different ranks, such as AAK53.
<br></li><li>None of the above: O point any hand that does not qualify as one of the better hands above, such as KJ542 of mixed suits.</li></ul><p>
</p>Note that if a hand satisfies two or more rules above, then we only apply the rule that wins the largest amount of points. For example, a "full house" consists of a "three of a kind" and a "one pair." You need to give
the score for "full house" only (i.e., 500 points), and nothing else.<h2>Input</h2><p>The first line contains the number of hands w, w &lt;= 100. Then the w hands are listed one by one. Note that each hand comes from a complete deck of52 cards. Each hand is listed in one line with 5 cards. Each card consists of two upper case letters. The first letter is its suit, and the second letter is its rank. There is a blank between two cards. The cards in one hand are not sorted at all.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each hand, output its points in one line.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
C3 D4 D5 S3 CX
CA C5 D4 D3 S2
HA HJ HX HQ HK</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">50
250
1000</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Taiwan+2004">Taiwan 2004</a>