<h2>Description</h2><p>As a recruiting ploy, Google once posted billboards in Harvard Square and in the Silicon Valley area just stating ¡°{first 10-digit prime found in consecutive digits of e}.com¡±. In other words, find that 10-digit sequence and then connect to the web site ¡ª and find out that Google is trying to hire people who can solve a particular kind of problem.
</p>
Not to be outdone, Gaggle (a loosy-goosy fuzzy logic search firm), has devised its own recruiting problem. Consider the base 7 expansion of a rational number. For example, the first few digits of the base 7 expansion of 1/5<sub>10</sub><p> = 0.12541...</p><sub>7</sub><p>, 33/4</p><sub>10</sub><p> = 11.15151...</p><sub>7</sub><p>, and 6/49</p><sub>10</sub><p> = 0.06000...</p><sub>7</sub><p>, From this expansion, find the digits in a particular range of positions to the right of the "decimal" point.
</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input file begins with a line containing a single integer specifying the number of problem sets in the file. Each problem set is specified by four base 10 numbers on a single line, n d b e, where n and d are the numerator and denominator of the rational number and 0 &lt;= n &lt;= 5,000 and 1 &lt;= d &lt;= 5,000. b and e are the beginning and ending positions for the desired range of digits, with 0 &lt;= b,e &lt;= 250 and 0 &lt;= (e-b) &lt;= 20. Note that 0 is the position immediately to the right of the decimal point. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Each problem set will be numbered (beginning at one) and will generate a single line:
</p><ul>Problem set k: n / d, base 7 digits b through e: result </ul><p>
</p>where k is replaced by the problem set number, result is your computed result, and the other values are the corresponding input values.

<pre><code class="language-input1">4
1 5 0 0
6 49 1 3
33 4 2 7
511 977 122 126
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Problem set 1: 1 / 5, base 7 digits 0 through 0: 1
Problem set 2: 6 / 49, base 7 digits 1 through 3: 600
Problem set 3: 33 / 4, base 7 digits 2 through 7: 151515
Problem set 4: 511 / 977, base 7 digits 122 through 126: 12425
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Central+USA+2005">Mid-Central USA 2005</a>