<h2>Description</h2><p>One of the reasons for which École polytechnique (nicknamed ``X" for reasons to be explained during the debriefing talk) is so deeply rooted in French society is its famous network of camarades - former students of the same school. When one camarade wants something (money, job, etc.), he can ask this network for help and support. In practice, this means that when he/she wants to reach some other camarade, not always of the same year, then surely he can find intermediate camarades to get to her/him. Note that the ``camarade" relationship is symmetric. Due to the magic of the X network, there is always a means to reach anybody. 
</p>
The program you have to write is supposed to help to minimize the number of these intermediate camarades. <h2>Input</h2><p>The huge file of all living camarades is simplified so as to obey the following format. The first line in the file is the number of camarades, say N , an integer 1&lt;=N&lt;=10</p><sup>5</sup><p> . Camarades are labeled from 0 to N - 1 . Follow N lines. Each line starts with the camarade label c , followed by the number of other camarades he/she knows, say n</p><sub>c</sub><p> , followed by the labels of those nc camarades. All these integers are separated by a single blank. It is assumed that nc is always less than 100. The last line in the file is the label of the camarade seeking help (say c1 ) followed by the label of the camarade he wants help from, say c2 ( c2 != c1 ). </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Your program should output three integers separated by a blank: c1 , c2 and the minimal number of intermediate camarades to reach c2 . </p><pre><code class="language-input1">4
0 3 1 2 3
1 1 0
2 2 0 3
3 2 0 2
1 2
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1 2 1
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Southwestern+Europe+2005">Southwestern Europe 2005</a>