<h2>Description</h2><p>A general of World Nation wants to make 6 towers at 6 distinct cities of the nation. World Nation has <i>N</i> cities and some of cities are connected, but others not. The general wants to know how many ways he can select 6 cities and finally build 6 towers. However, one thing is necessary: if he chooses 6 cities A, B, C, D, E, and F, they have to be connected with their neighbors. If we draw 6 cities as 6 points on a circle, we can easily realize each of 6 cities has two neighbors, one for clockwise and another for counterclockwise. For example, A has two neighbors, B and F. So the general needs to consider about the order of 6 cities because to choose (A-B-C-D-E-F-A) is not the same as to choose (A-B-D-C-E-F-A). Nevertheless, the choice (A-B-C-D-E-F-A) is the same as (A-F-E-D-C-B-A) and/or as (B-C-D-E-F-A-B) because they can be made by reversion or rotation.</p><p>Now, it is time to help the general.</p><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The first line has a positive integer <i>N</i> (6 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 111), which indicates the number of cities. Information on connection of the cities is given by an adjacent-matrix: if city <i>A</i> and city <i>B</i> is connected, bits of <i>A</i>-row <i>B</i>-column and <i>B</i>-row <i>A</i>-column are 1. Otherwise, both are 0. There is no space in a line.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><p>If the number of ways is <i>K</i>, just output <i>K</i> mod 9901 because <i>K</i> can be very large.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">6
010001
101000
010100
001010
000101
100010</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>If there are 6 cities and all bits of the matrix is 1, which means all cities are connected with all of others, the answer is 60. For 7 cities, the answer is 420.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Hooyeon+Lee+%28ltdtl%40POJ%29">Hooyeon Lee (ltdtl@POJ)</a>