<h2>Description</h2><p><i>N</i> children are sitting in a circle to play a game.</p><p>The children are numbered from 1 to <i>N</i> in clockwise order. Each of them has a card with a non-zero integer on it in his/her hand. The game starts from the <i>K</i>-th child, who tells all the others the integer on his card and jumps out of the circle. The integer on his card tells the next child to jump out. Let <i>A</i> denote the integer. If <i>A</i> is positive, the next child will be the <i>A</i>-th child to the left. If <i>A</i> is negative, the next child will be the (<span lang="en-us">−</span><i>A</i>)-th child to the right.</p><p>The game lasts until all children have jumped out of the circle. During the game, the <i>p</i>-th child jumping out will get <i>F</i>(<i>p</i>) candies where <i>F</i>(<i>p</i>) is the number of positive integers that perfectly divide <i>p</i>. Who gets the most candies?</p><h2>Input</h2><p>There are several test cases in the input. Each test case starts with two integers </p><i>N</i><p> (0 &lt; </p><i>N</i><p> </p><span lang="en-us">≤ 500,000) and <i>K</i> (1 ≤ <i>K</i> ≤ <i>N</i>) on the first line. The next <i>N</i> lines contains the names of the children (consisting of at most 10 letters) and the integers (non-zero with magnitudes within 10<sup>8</sup>) on their cards in increasing order of the children’</span><p>s numbers, a name and an integer separated by a single space in a line with no leading or trailing spaces.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Output one line for each test case containing the name of the luckiest child and the number of candies he/she gets. If ties occur, always choose the child who jumps out of the circle first.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 2
Tom 2
Jack 4
Mary -1
Sam 1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Sam 3</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2006.07.30">POJ Monthly--2006.07.30</a><p>, Sempr</p>