<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>Given the voting preferences of a population of <i>M</i> people, you are to determine the winner of an election among <i>N</i> candidates, numbered 1, ¡­, <i>N</i>. For this problem, the <i>M</i> people are partitioned into <i>G</i> ¡°groups¡± where all members within a group have the same voting preferences. The candidate preferences for a group are specified by listing candidates from most preferred to least preferred. Election results are determined by an <i>instant-runoff voting</i> procedure.</p><p>In this method, the first choices of the <i>M</i> people in the population are counted and the least popular candidate is eliminated. In the event of a tie, the highest-numbered candidate is eliminated. Then, the eliminated candidate is removed from the preference list of all <i>M</i> individuals in the population, and again the least popular candidate is eliminated. This process repeats until only a single candidate is left.</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The input test file will contain multiple test cases. Each input test case begins with a single line containing the integers <i>G</i> and <i>N</i> where 2 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 5 and 1 ¡Ü <i>G</i> ¡Ü 20. The next <i>G</i> lines are of the format ¡°<i>M<sub>i</sub></i> <i>a<sub>i</sub></i><sub>1</sub> <i>a<sub>i</sub></i><sub>2</sub> ¡­ <i>a<sub>iN</sub></i>¡± where 1 ¡Ü <i>M<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 20 and <i>a<sub>i</sub></i><sub>1</sub>, ¡­, <i>a<sub>iN</sub></i> is a permutation of the integers 1, ¡­, <i>N</i>. <i>M<sub>i</sub></i> is the number of individuals in the <i>i</i>th group, and <i>a<sub>i</sub></i><sub>1</sub>, ¡­, <i>a<sub>iN</sub></i> is the ordering of the <i>N</i> candidates from most preferred to least preferred for the <i>i</i>th group. The end-of-file is marked by a test case with <i>G</i> = <i>N</i> = 0 and should not be processed.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><p>For each input case, the program should print the winner of the election on a single line.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3 4
10 1 4 2 3
15 3 2 1 4
12 4 3 2 1
3 2
10 1 2
10 1 2
20 2 1
0 0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4
1</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Stanford+Local+2004">Stanford Local 2004</a>