<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>In a fictitious solar system consisting of star S, a planet P, and its moon M, planet P orbits in a perfect circle around star S with a revolution period of exactly <i>T</i> Earth days, and moon M orbits in a perfect circle around planet P with an unknown revolution period. Given the position of moon M relative to star S at three different time points, your goal is to compute the distance of planet P from star S.</p><p>To do this, consider a two-dimensional Cartesian coordinate system with its origin centered at star S. You may assume that P¡¯s counterclockwise orbit around S and M¡¯s counterclockwise orbit around P both lie completely within the <i>x</i> ¨C <i>y</i> coordinate plane. Let (<i>x</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>y</i><sub>1</sub>) denote the position of the moon M on the first observation, let (<i>x</i><sub>2</sub>, <i>y</i><sub>2</sub>) denote its position <i>k</i><sub>1</sub> Earth days later, and let (<i>x</i><sub>3</sub>, <i>y</i><sub>3</sub>) denote its position <i>k</i><sub>2</sub> Earth days after the second observation.</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The input test file will contain multiple test cases. Each test case consists of two lines. The first line contains the integers <i>T</i>, <i>k</i><sub>1</sub>, and <i>k</i><sub>2</sub>, where 1 ¡Ü <i>T</i>, <i>k</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>k</i><sub>2</sub> ¡Ü 1000. The second line contains six floating-point values <i>x</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>y</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>x</i><sub>2</sub>, <i>y</i><sub>2</sub>, <i>x</i><sub>3</sub>, and <i>y</i><sub>3</sub>. Input points have been selected so as to guarantee a unique solution; the final distance from planet P to star S will always be within 0.1 of the nearest integer. The end-of-file is denoted with a single line containing ¡°0 0 0¡±.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><p>For each input case, the program should print the distance from planet P to star S, rounded to the nearest integer.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">360 90 90
5.0 1.0 0.0 6.0 -5.0 1.0
0 0 0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Stanford+Local+2004">Stanford Local 2004</a>