<h2>Description</h2><p>Arthur and his sister Caroll have been playing a game called Nim for some time now. Nim is played as follows:</p><ul><li>The starting position has a number of heaps, all containing some, not necessarily equal, number of beads.</li><li>The players take turns chosing a heap and removing a positive number of beads from it.</li><li>The first player not able to make a move, loses.</li></ul><p>Arthur and Caroll really enjoyed playing this simple game until they
</p>recently learned an easy way to always be able to find the best move:<ul><li>Xor the number of beads in the heaps in the current position (i.e. if we have 2, 4 and 7 the xor-sum will be 1 as 2 xor 4 xor 7 = 1).</li><li>If the xor-sum is 0, too bad, you will lose.</li><li>Otherwise, move such that the xor-sum becomes 0. This is always possible.</li></ul><p>It is quite easy to convince oneself that this works. Consider these facts:</p><ul><li>The player that takes the last bead wins.</li><li>After the winning player's last move the xor-sum will be 0.</li><li>The xor-sum will change after every move.</li></ul><p>Which means that if you make sure that the xor-sum always is 0 when you have made your move, your opponent will never be able to win, and, thus, you will win.
</p>
Understandibly it is no fun to play a game when both players know how to play perfectly (ignorance is bliss). Fourtunately, Arthur and Caroll soon came up with a similar game, S-Nim, that seemed to solve this problem. Each player is now only allowed to remove a number of beads in some predefined set S, e.g. if we have S = {2, 5} each player is only allowed to remove 2 or 5 beads. Now it is not always possible to make the xor-sum 0 and, thus, the strategy above is useless. Or is it?

your job is to write a program that determines if a position of S-Nim is a losing or a winning position. A position is a winning position if there is at least one move to a losing position. A position is a losing position if there are no moves to a losing position. This means, as expected, that a position with no legal moves is a losing position.<h2>Input</h2><p>Input consists of a number of test cases.
</p>For each test case: The first line contains a number k (0 &lt; k ≤ 100) describing the size of S, followed by k numbers si (0 &lt; si ≤ 10000) describing S. The second line contains a number m (0 &lt; m ≤ 100) describing the number of positions to evaluate. The next m lines each contain a number l (0 &lt; l ≤ 100) describing the number of heaps and l numbers hi (0 ≤ hi ≤ 10000) describing the number of beads in the heaps.
The last test case is followed by a 0 on a line of its own.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each position: If the described position is a winning position print a 'W'.If the described position is a losing position print an 'L'.
</p>Print a newline after each test case.<pre><code class="language-input1">2 2 5
3
2 5 12
3 2 4 7
4 2 3 7 12
5 1 2 3 4 5
3
2 5 12
3 2 4 7
4 2 3 7 12
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">LWW
WWL</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Svenskt+M%C3%A4sterskap+i+Programmering%2FNorgesmesterskapet+2004">Svenskt Mästerskap i Programmering/Norgesmesterskapet 2004</a>