<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>You¡¯ve finally got mad at ¡°the world¡¯s most stupid¡± employees of yours and decided to do some firings. You¡¯re now simply too mad to give response to questions like ¡°Don¡¯t you think it is an even more stupid decision to have signed them?¡±, yet calm enough to consider the potential profit and loss from firing a good portion of them. While getting rid of an employee will save your wage and bonus expenditure on him, termination of a contract before expiration costs you funds for compensation. If you fire an employee, you also fire all his underlings and the underlings of his underlings and those underlings¡¯ underlings¡¯ underlings¡­ An employee may serve in several departments and his (direct or indirect) underlings in one department may be his boss in another department. Is your firing plan ready now?</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The input starts with two integers <i>n</i> (0 &lt; <i>n</i> ¡Ü 5000) and <i>m</i> (0 ¡Ü <i>m</i> ¡Ü 60000) on the same line. Next follows <i>n</i> + <i>m</i> lines. The first <i>n</i> lines of these give the net profit/loss from firing the <i>i</i>-th employee individually <i>b<sub>i</sub></i> (|<i>b<sub>i</sub></i>| ¡Ü 10<sup>7</sup>, 1 ¡Ü <i>i</i> ¡Ü <i>n</i>). The remaining <i>m</i> lines each contain two integers <i>i</i> and <i>j</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>i</i>, <i>j</i> ¡Ü <i>n</i>) meaning the <i>i</i>-th employee has the <i>j</i>-th employee as his direct underling.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><p>Output two integers separated by a single space: the minimum number of employees to fire to achieve the maximum profit, and the maximum profit.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5 5
8
-9
-20
12
-10
1 2
2 5
1 4
3 4
4 5</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2 2</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>As of the situation described by the sample input, firing employees 4 and 5 will produce a net profit of 2, which is maximum.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2006.08.27">POJ Monthly--2006.08.27</a><p>, frkstyc</p>