<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The galaxy war between the Empire Draco and the Commonwealth of Zibu broke out 3 years ago. Draco established a line of defense called Grot. Grot is a straight line with <i> N</i> defense stations. Because of the cooperation of the stations, Zibu¡¯s Marine Glory cannot march any further but stay outside the line.</p><p>A mystery Information Group X benefits form selling information to both sides of the war. Today you the administrator of Zibu¡¯s Intelligence Department got a piece of information about Grot¡¯s defense stations¡¯ arrangement from Information Group X. Your task is to determine whether the information is reliable.</p><p>The information consists of <i> M</i> tips. Each tip is either precise or vague.</p><p>Precise tip is in the form of <code>P A B X</code>, means defense station <i> A</i> is <i>X</i> light-years north of defense station <i>B</i>.</p><p>Vague tip is in the form of <code> V A B</code>, means defense station <i>A</i> is in the north of defense station <i>B</i>, at least 1 light-year, but the precise distance is unknown.</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>There are several test cases in the input. Each test case starts with two integers <i>N</i> (0 &lt; <i>N</i> ¡Ü 1000) and <i>M</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>M</i> ¡Ü 100000).The next <i>M</i> line each describe a tip, either in precise form or vague form.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>Output one line for each test case in the input. Output ¡°Reliable¡± if It is possible to arrange <i>N</i> defense stations satisfying all the <i>M</i> tips, otherwise output ¡°Unreliable¡±.</p></span><pre><code class="language-input1">3 4
P 1 2 1
P 2 3 1
V 1 3
P 1 3 1
5 5
V 1 2
V 2 3
V 3 4
V 4 5
V 3 5</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Unreliable
Reliable</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2006.08.27">POJ Monthly--2006.08.27</a><p>, Dagger</p>