<h2>Description</h2><p>The <dfn>D-pairs</dfn> of a string of letters are the ordered pairs of letters that are distance D from each other. A string is <dfn>D-unique</dfn> if all of its D-pairs are different. A string is <dfn>surprising</dfn> if it is D-unique for every possible distance D.</p><p>Consider the string ZGBG. Its 0-pairs are ZG, GB, and BG. Since these three pairs are all different, ZGBG is 0-unique. Similarly, the 1-pairs of ZGBG are ZB and GG, and since these two pairs are different, ZGBG is 1-unique. Finally, the only 2-pair of ZGBG is ZG, so ZGBG is 2-unique. Thus ZGBG is surprising. (Note that the fact that ZG is both a 0-pair and a 2-pair of ZGBG is irrelevant, because 0 and 2 are different distances.)</p><p><b>Acknowledgement:</b> This problem is inspired by the "Puzzling Adventures" column in the December 2003 issue of <i>Scientific American</i>.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of one or more nonempty strings of at most 79 uppercase letters, each string on a line by itself, followed by a line containing only an asterisk that signals the end of the input.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each string of letters, output whether or not it is surprising using the exact output format shown below.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">ZGBG
X
EE
AAB
AABA
AABB
BCBABCC
*</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">ZGBG is surprising.
X is surprising.
EE is surprising.
AAB is surprising.
AABA is surprising.
AABB is NOT surprising.
BCBABCC is NOT surprising.</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Central+USA+2006">Mid-Central USA 2006</a>