<h2>Description</h2><p>For this problem you will write a search engine that takes a query, searches a collection of words, and finds the lexicographically smallest word that matches the query (<i>i.e.</i>, the matching word that would appear first in an English dictionary). A <dfn>query</dfn> is a sequence of one or more terms separated by single vertical bars ("|"). A <dfn>term</dfn> is one or more letters followed by zero or more signed letters. A <dfn>signed</dfn> letter is either <tt>+</tt><var>s</var> ("positive" <var>s</var>) or <tt>-</tt><var>s</var> ("negative" <var>s</var>), where <var>s</var> is a single letter. All letters are lowercase, and no letter will appear more than once within a term. A query will not contain spaces. A term matches a word if the word contains at least one of the unsigned letters, all of the positive letters, and none of the negative letters; a query matches a word if at least one of its terms matches the word.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of one or more test cases followed by a line containing only "#" that signals the end of the input. Each test case consists of 1¨C100 words, each on a line by itself, followed by a line containing only "*" that marks the end of the word list, followed by one or more queries, each on a line by itself, followed by a line containing only "**" that marks the end of the test case. Each word will consist of 1¨C20 lowercase letters. All words within a test case will be unique. Each query will be as defined above and will be 1¨C79 characters long.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each query, output a single line containing the lexicographically smallest word <em>within that test case</em> that matches the query, or the word <tt>NONE</tt> if there is no matching word. At the end of each test case, output a dollar sign on a line by itself.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">elk
cow
bat
*
ea
acm+e
nm+o|jk+l
**
debian
slackware
gentoo
ubuntu
suse
fedora
mepis
*
yts
cab-e+n
r-e|zjq|i+t|vs-p+e-u-c
**
#</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">bat
NONE
elk
$
gentoo
ubuntu
NONE
$</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Mid-Central+USA+2006">Mid-Central USA 2006</a>