<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>During the kindergarten days, flymouse was the monitor of his class. Occasionally the head-teacher brought the kids of flymouse¡¯s class a large bag of candies and had flymouse distribute them. All the kids loved candies very much and often compared the numbers of candies they got with others. A kid A could had the idea that though it might be the case that another kid B was better than him in some aspect and therefore had a reason for deserving more candies than he did, he should never get a certain number of candies fewer than B did no matter how many candies he actually got, otherwise he would feel dissatisfied and go to the head-teacher to complain about flymouse¡¯s biased distribution.</p><p>snoopy shared class with flymouse at that time. flymouse always compared the number of his candies with that of snoopy¡¯s. He wanted to make the difference between the numbers as large as possible while keeping every kid satisfied. Now he had just got another bag of candies from the head-teacher, what was the largest difference he could make out of it?</p></span><h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains a single test cases. The test cases starts with a line with two integers <i>N</i> and <i>M</i> not exceeding 30 000 and 150 000 respectively. <i>N</i> is the number of kids in the class and the kids were numbered 1 through <i>N</i>. snoopy and flymouse were always numbered 1 and <i>N</i>. Then follow <i>M</i> lines each holding three integers <i>A</i>, <i>B</i> and <i>c</i> in order, meaning that kid <i>A</i> believed that kid <i>B</i> should never get over <i>c</i> candies more than he did.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Output one line with only the largest difference desired. The difference is guaranteed to be finite.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 2
1 2 5
2 1 4</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>32-bit signed integer type is capable of doing all arithmetic.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2006.12.31">POJ Monthly--2006.12.31</a><p>, Sempr</p>