<h2>Description</h2><p>The pasture contains a small, contiguous grove of trees that has no 'holes' in the middle of the it.  Bessie wonders: how far is it to walk around that grove and get back to my starting position? She's just sure there is a way to do it by going from her start location to successive locations by walking horizontally, vertically, or diagonally and counting each move as a single step. Just looking at it, she doesn't think you could pass 'through' the grove on a tricky diagonal. Your job is to calculate the minimum number of steps she must take.
</p>
Happily, Bessie lives on a simple world where the pasture is represented by a grid with R rows and C columns (1 &lt;= R &lt;= 50, 1 &lt;= C &lt;= 50). Here's a typical example where '.' is pasture (which Bessie may traverse), 'X' is the grove of trees, '*' represents Bessie's start and end position, and '+' marks one shortest path she can walk to circumnavigate the grove (i.e., the answer):

<pre>...+...
<br>..+X+..
<br>.+XXX+.
<br>..+XXX+
<br>..+X..+
<br>...+++*</pre><p>The path shown is not the only possible shortest path; Bessie might have taken a diagonal step from her start position and achieved a similar length solution. Bessie is happy that she's starting 'outside' the grove instead of in a sort of 'harbor' that could complicate finding the best path.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Line 1: Two space-separated integers: R and C
</p>
Lines 2..R+1: Line i+1 describes row i with C characters (with no spaces between them).<h2>Output</h2><p>Line 1: The single line contains a single integer which is the smallest number of steps required to circumnavigate the grove.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">6 7
.......
...X...
..XXX..
...XXX.
...X...
......*</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">13</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2006+January+Silver">USACO 2006 January Silver</a>