<h2>Description</h2><p>FJ has purchased N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 2000) yummy treats for the cows who get money for giving vast amounts of milk. FJ sells one treat per day and wants to maximize the money he receives over a given period time.
</p>
The treats are interesting for many reasons:<ul><li>The treats are numbered 1..N and stored sequentially in single file in a long box that is open at both ends. On any day, FJ can retrieve one treat from either end of his stash of treats.</li><li>Like fine wines and delicious cheeses, the treats improve with age and command greater prices.</li><li>The treats are not uniform: some are better and have higher intrinsic value. Treat i has value v(i) (1 &lt;= v(i) &lt;= 1000).</li><li>Cows pay more for treats that have aged longer: a cow will pay v(i)*a for a treat of age a.</li></ul><p>Given the values v(i) of each of the treats lined up in order of the index i in their box, what is the greatest value FJ can receive for them if he orders their sale optimally?
</p>
The first treat is sold on day 1 and has age a=1. Each subsequent day increases the age by 1.<h2>Input</h2><p>Line 1: A single integer, N
</p>
Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains the value of treat v(i)<h2>Output</h2><p>Line 1: The maximum revenue FJ can achieve by selling the treats</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5
1
3
1
5
2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">43</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Explanation of the sample:
</p>
Five treats. On the first day FJ can sell either treat #1 (value 1) or treat #5 (value 2).

FJ sells the treats (values 1, 3, 1, 5, 2) in the following order of indices: 1, 5, 2, 3, 4, making 1x1 + 2x2 + 3x3 + 4x1 + 5x5 = 43.<h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2006+February+Gold+%26+Silver">USACO 2006 February Gold &amp; Silver</a>