<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>For the sake of simplicity, only the following subset of Python syntax is considered:</p><p><code>PLAIN_TEXT</code>:<code><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; [^"()\[\]{}]+</code> <br> <code>STRING</code>:<code><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \"[^"]*\"</code> <br> <i>text</i>:<br><code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </code><font color="#7f7f7f">(empty)</font><code><br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | </code><i>text</i> <code> PLAIN_TEXT<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | </code><i>text</i> <code> STRING<br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | </code><i>text</i> <code> </code> <i>bracket_enclosed_text</i><br> <i>bracket_enclosed_text</i>:<br><code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( </code> <i>text</i> <code> )<br> </code><code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | [ </code> <i>text</i> <code> ]<br> </code><code>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | { </code> <i>text</i> <code> }</code></p> <p>From the syntax some terms are defined as follows:</p> <ol> <li><p>String: a sequence delimited by quotes (<code>"</code>) of characters other than quotes, possibly including new-lines.</p> <p>Examples:<br> <code>&nbsp; "a(bc"<br> &nbsp; "a<br> bc)"<br> &nbsp; "usage: foo [bar]<br> this help information<br> is<br> totally<br> useless" </code></p><p>(Python actually <code>"""</code> for such strings, but let¡¯s accept the modification just for this problem.)</p></li> <li><p>Bracket-enclosed text: a sequence of characters other than brackets or quotes enclosed by matched pairs of brackets.</p><p>Example:<br> <code>&nbsp; (1)<br> &nbsp; {a-&gt;[foo.bar(<br> &nbsp; "a[",b,c<br> &nbsp; )]}</code></p></li> <li><p>Logical new-line: a new-line character that is not part of a string or bracket-enclosed text</p></li> <li><p>Physical line: a maximal sequence of characters other than new-line characters</p><p>Examples:<br> <code>def a(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># physical line 1<code><br> &nbsp; foo.bar(&nbsp; </code># physical line 2<code><br> &nbsp; "a[",b)&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># physical line 3<code><br> "blah blah, </code># physical line 4<code><br> blah"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># physical line 5</p></li> <li><p>Logical line: a maximal sequence of characters other than logical new-lines</p><p>Examples:<br> <code>def a(b)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># logical line 1<code><br> &nbsp; foo.bar(&nbsp; </code># logical line 2<code><br> &nbsp; "a[",b)&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># logical line 2<code><br> "blah blah, </code># logical line 3<code><br> blah"&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </code># logical line 3<code>&nbsp;</code></p></li> <li><p>Valid/invalid program: a program without/with mismatched quotes or brackets that are not part of any strings&nbsp; </p><p>Examples:<br> <code>&nbsp; def a(b<br> &nbsp; "blah</code></p></li></ol><p>Given a program, you are to implement the following primitive operations:</p><ul> <li><i>modify</i>(<i>a</i>, <i>b</i>, <i>c</i>): Modify the character at physical line <i>a</i>, column <i>b</i> to <i>c</i></li> <li><i>query</i>(<i>a</i>, <i>b</i>): Tell which logical line the character at physical line <i>a</i>, column <i>b</i> is on.</li></ul></span><h2>Input</h2><p>The given program appears first in the input followed by a line with a single <code>#</code>. Then come the operation descriptions. Each operation is described in the format <i>c</i><code> </code><i>a</i><code> </code><i>b</i>, where <i>c</i> is a character, <i>a</i> a physical line number and <i>b</i> a column number. Both physical line and column numbers are counted starting from 1. If <i>c</i> is <code>?</code>, the operation will be <i>query</i>(<i>a</i>, <i>b</i>), otherwise it will be <i>modify</i>(<i>a</i>, <i>b</i>, <i>c</i>). The program can be invalid while being edited, but whenever a <i>query</i> operation is demanded, it will always be valid. A <i>modify</i> operation will neither remove existing spaces and new-lines in the program nor introduce new ones. Tabs are not present in the input.</p><p>The program contains up to 10<sup>6</sup> characters (including new-lines) and 10<sup>5</sup> physical lines each consisting of up to 80 characters. And there will be at most 10<sup>5</sup> operations.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each query operation, output a line containing the logical line number.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">aaa
(bb
ccc
dd)
fff
#
? 1 1
? 5 1
b 2 1
d 4 3
? 5 1
&quot; 1 3
&quot; 5 2
? 5 1
a 1 3
f 5 2
? 5 1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1
3
5
1
5</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2007.03.04">POJ Monthly--2007.03.04</a><p>, Hou, Qiming</p>