<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>Do you remember the war of my nation with TN?</p><p>If you don’t know that story, ask frkstyc to tell you. (And frkstyc says, “Please don’t ask me but refer to problem 2822 <a href="problem?id=2822">TN’s Kingdom IV – Collapse</a>.”)</p><p>Once upon a time, I defeated the evil nation of TN! How did I do that?</p><p>Simple! The road network of the country of TN could be viewed as a directed graph, where each city is a vertex and there are edges between cities. And the capital <i>s</i>, is a distinguished vertex and every other vertex is reachable from <i>s</i>. </p><p>Well, let me see what happened at that time…</p><p>I wanted to destruct one particular city, <i>t</i> of the evil nation of TN. Since if I wanted to destroy <i>t</i>, TN would send troops from <i>s</i> to <i>t</i> to defend his nation. So I wanted to destroy all the cities (except <i>s</i> and <i>t</i>) that satisfy the following property:</p><p align="center">All the paths from <i>s</i> to <i>t</i> would pass this city.</p><p>If all the cities with this property were destroyed and controlled by me, it would be quite certain that TN’s troops could not reach city <i>t</i>! Then it would be quite true that I would destroy city t relatively safely. :)</p><p>The evil nation was defeated because Ikki himself solved this problem! If you were Ikki, can you also solve this problem?</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The input contains exactly one test case.</p><p>The first line of the test case contains two integers <i>N</i>, <i>M</i> (<i>N</i> ≤ 10,000, <i>M</i> ≤ 100,000) which represent the number of cities and roads in the nation of TN, respectively.</p><p><i>M</i> lines follow, each line contains two integers <i>a</i>, <i>b</i>, which means that there was a road from city <i>a</i> to city <i>b</i> (0 ≤ <i>a</i>, <i>b</i> &lt; <i>N</i>). All the roads were directional.</p><p>Cities are numbered from 0 to <i>N</i> − 1, the capital is numbered 0.</p><p>The last line of each test case is an integer t, which is the city that Ikki was going to destroy.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><p>You should output one line consisting of only one integer <i>K</i>, denoting that there were <i>K</i> cities satisfying the property mentioned above.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 1
0 1
1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">0</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2007.03.04">POJ Monthly--2007.03.04</a><p>, Ikki</p>