<h2>Description</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>USTC has recently developed the <i>Parallel Matrix Multiplication Machine</i> ¨C PM<sup>3</sup>, which is used for very large matrix multiplication.</p><p>Given two matrices <i>A</i> and <i>B</i>, where <i>A</i> is an <i>N</i> ¡Á <i>P</i> matrix and <i>B</i> is a <i>P</i> ¡Á <i>M</i> matrix, PM<sup>3</sup> can compute matrix <i>C</i> = <i>AB</i> in <i>O</i>(<i>P</i>(<i>N</i> + <i>P</i> + <i>M</i>)) time. However the developers of PM<sup>3</sup> soon discovered a small problem: there is a small chance that PM<sup>3</sup> makes a mistake, and whenever a mistake occurs, the resultant matrix <i>C</i> will contain exactly one incorrect element.</p><p>The developers come up with a natural remedy. After PM<sup>3</sup> gives the matrix <i>C</i>, they check and correct it. They think it is a simple task, because there will be at most one incorrect element.</p><p>So you are to write a program to check and correct the result computed by PM<sup>3</sup>.</p></span><h2>Input</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>The first line of the input three integers <i>N</i>, <i>P</i> and <i>M</i> (0 &lt; <i>N</i>, <i>P</i>, <i>M</i> ¡Ü 1,000), which indicate the dimensions of <i>A</i> and <i>B</i>. Then follow <i>N</i> lines with <i>P</i> integers each, giving the elements of <i>A</i> in row-major order. After that the elements of <i>B</i> and <i>C</i> are given in the same manner.</p><p>Elements of <i>A</i> and <i>B</i> are bounded by 1,000 in absolute values which those of <i>C</i> are bounded by 2,000,000,000.</p></span><h2>Output</h2><span lang="en-us"><p>If <i>C</i> contains no incorrect element, print ¡°<code>Yes</code>¡±. Otherwise print ¡°<code>No</code>¡± followed by two more lines, with two integers <i>r</i> and <i>c</i> on the first one, and another integer <i>v</i> on the second one, which indicates the element of <i>C</i> at row <i>r</i>, column <i>c</i> should be corrected to <i>v</i>.</p></span><pre><code class="language-input1">2 3 2
1 2 -1
3 -1 0
-1 0
0 2
1 3
-2 -1
-3 -2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">No
1 2
1</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>The test set contains large-size input. Iostream objects in C++ or Scanner in Java might lead to efficiency problems.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Monthly--2007.04.01">POJ Monthly--2007.04.01</a><p>, zhucheng</p>