<h2>Description</h2><p>While exploring his many farms, Farmer John has discovered a number of amazing wormholes. A wormhole is very peculiar because it is a one-way path that delivers you to its destination at a time that is BEFORE you entered the wormhole! Each of FJ's farms comprises <i>N</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 500) fields conveniently numbered 1..<i>N</i>, <i>M</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>M</i> ¡Ü 2500) paths, and <i>W</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>W</i> ¡Ü 200) wormholes.</p><p>As FJ is an avid time-traveling fan, he wants to do the following: start at some field, travel through some paths and wormholes, and return to the starting field a time before his initial departure. Perhaps he will be able to meet himself :) .</p><p>To help FJ find out whether this is possible or not, he will supply you with complete maps to <i>F</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>F</i> ¡Ü 5) of his farms. No paths will take longer than 10,000 seconds to travel and no wormhole can bring FJ back in time by more than 10,000 seconds.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Line 1: A single integer, </p><i>F</i><p>. </p><i>F</i><p> farm descriptions follow.
</p>Line 1 of each farm: Three space-separated integers respectively: <i>N</i><p>, </p><i>M</i><p>, and </p><i>W</i><p>
</p>Lines 2..<i>M</i><p>+1 of each farm: Three space-separated numbers (</p><i>S</i><p>, </p><i>E</i><p>, </p><i>T</i><p>) that describe, respectively: a bidirectional path between </p><i>S</i><p> and </p><i>E</i><p> that requires </p><i>T</i><p> seconds to traverse. Two fields might be connected by more than one path.
</p>Lines <i>M</i><p>+2..</p><i>M</i><p>+</p><i>W</i><p>+1 of each farm: Three space-separated numbers (</p><i>S</i><p>, </p><i>E</i><p>, </p><i>T</i><p>) that describe, respectively: A one way path from </p><i>S</i><p> to </p><i>E</i><p> that also moves the traveler back </p><i>T</i><p> seconds.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Lines 1..</p><i>F</i><p>: For each farm, output "YES" if FJ can achieve his goal, otherwise output "NO" (do not include the quotes).</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
3 3 1
1 2 2
1 3 4
2 3 1
3 1 3
3 2 1
1 2 3
2 3 4
3 1 8</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">NO
YES</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>For farm 1, FJ cannot travel back in time.
</p>For farm 2, FJ could travel back in time by the cycle 1-&gt;2-&gt;3-&gt;1, arriving back at his starting location 1 second before he leaves. He could start from anywhere on the cycle to accomplish this.<h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2006+December+Gold">USACO 2006 December Gold</a>