<h2>Description</h2><p>The cows are building a roller coaster! They want your help to design as fun a roller coaster as possible, while keeping to the budget.</p><p>The roller coaster will be built on a long linear stretch of land of length <i>L</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>L</i> ¡Ü 1,000). The roller coaster comprises a collection of some of the <i>N</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 10,000) different interchangable components. Each component <i>i</i> has a fixed length <i>W<sub>i</sub></i> (1 ¡Ü <i>W<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü <i>L</i>). Due to varying terrain, each component <i>i</i> can be only built starting at location <i>X<sub>i</sub></i> (0 ¡Ü <i>X<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü <i>L </i>-<i> W<sub>i</sub></i>). The cows want to string together various roller coaster components starting at 0 and ending at <i>L</i> so that the end of each component (except the last) is the start of the next component.</p><p>Each component <i>i</i> has a "fun rating" <i>F<sub>i</sub></i> (1 ¡Ü <i>F<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 1,000,000) and a cost <i>C<sub>i</sub></i> (1 ¡Ü <i>C<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 1000). The total fun of the roller coster is the sum of the fun from each component used; the total cost is likewise the sum of the costs of each component used. The cows' total budget is <i>B</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>B</i> ¡Ü 1000). Help the cows determine the most fun roller coaster that they can build with their budget.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Line 1: Three space-separated integers: </p><i>L</i><p>, </p><i>N</i><p> and </p><i>B</i><p>.
</p>Lines 2..<i>N</i><p>+1: Line </p><i>i</i><p>+1 contains four space-separated integers, respectively: </p><i>X<sub>i</sub></i><p>, </p><i>W<sub>i</sub></i><p>, </p><i>F<sub>i</sub></i><p>, and </p><i>C<sub>i</sub></i><p>.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Line 1: A single integer that is the maximum fun value that a roller-coaster can have while staying within the budget and meeting all the other constraints. If it is not possible to build a roller-coaster within budget, output -1.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5 6 10
0 2 20 6
2 3 5 6
0 1 2 1
1 1 1 3
1 2 5 4
3 2 10 2</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">17</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Taking the 3rd, 5th and 6th components gives a connected roller-coaster with fun value 17 and cost 7. Taking the first two components would give a more fun roller-coaster (25) but would be over budget.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2006+December+Silver">USACO 2006 December Silver</a>