<h2>Description</h2><p>In easier times, Farmer John's cows had no problems. These days, though, they have problems, lots of problems; they have <i>P</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>P</i> ¡Ü 300) problems, to be exact. They have quit providing milk and have taken regular jobs like all other good citizens. In fact, on a normal month they make <i>M</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>M</i> ¡Ü 1000) money.</p><p>Their problems, however, are so complex they must hire consultants to solve them. Consultants are not free, but they are competent: consultants can solve any problem in a single month. Each consultant demands two payments: one in advance (1 ¡Ü <i>payment</i> ¡Ü <i>M</i>) to be paid at the start of the month problem-solving is commenced and one more payment at the start of the month after the problem is solved (1 ¡Ü <i>payment</i> ¡Ü <i>M</i>). Thus, each month the cows can spend the money earned during the previous month to pay for consultants. Cows are spendthrifts: they can never save any money from month-to-month; money not used is wasted on cow candy.</p><p>Since the problems to be solved depend on each other, they must be solved mostly in order. For example, problem 3 must be solved before problem 4 or during the same month as problem 4.</p><p>Determine the number of months it takes to solve all of the cows' problems and pay for the solutions.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Line 1: Two space-separated integers: </p><i>M</i><p> and </p><i>P</i><p>.
</p>Lines 2..<i>P</i><p>+1: Line </p><i>i</i><p>+1 describes problem </p><i>i</i><p> with two space-separated integers: </p><i>B<sub>i</sub></i><p> and </p><i>A<sub>i</sub></i><p>. </p><i>B<sub>i</sub></i><p> is the payment to the consult BEFORE the problem is solved; </p><i>A<sub>i</sub></i><p> is the payment to the consult AFTER the problem is solved.
</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Line 1: The number of months it takes to solve and pay for all the cows' problems.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">100 5
40 20
60 20
30 50
30 50
40 40</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">6</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><pre><p>+------+-------+--------+---------+---------+--------+<br>|&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | Avail | Probs&nbsp; | Before&nbsp; | After&nbsp;&nbsp; | Candy&nbsp; |<br>|Month | Money | Solved | Payment | Payment | Money&nbsp; |<br>+------+-------+--------+---------+---------+--------+<br>| 1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | -none- | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |<br>| 2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 100&nbsp;&nbsp; | 1, 2&nbsp;&nbsp; | 40+60&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |<br>| 3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 100&nbsp;&nbsp; | 3, 4&nbsp;&nbsp; | 30+30&nbsp;&nbsp; | 20+20&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |<br>| 4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 100&nbsp;&nbsp; | -none- | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 50+50&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |<br>| 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 100&nbsp;&nbsp; | 5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 40&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 60&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |<br>| 6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 100&nbsp;&nbsp; | -none- | 0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 40&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | 60&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; | <br>+------+-------+--------+---------+---------+--------+</p></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2007+January+Gold">USACO 2007 January Gold</a>