<h2>Description</h2><p>This problem is based on an exercise of David Hilbert, who pedagogically suggested that one study the theory of <em>4n+1</em> numbers. Here, we do only a bit of that. </p><p>An <b>H</b>-number is a positive number which is one more than a multiple of four: 1, 5, 9, 13, 17, 21,... are the <b>H</b>-numbers. For this problem we pretend that these are the <em>only</em> numbers. The <b>H</b>-numbers are closed under multiplication. </p><p>As with regular integers, we partition the <b>H</b>-numbers into units, <b>H</b>-primes, and <b>H</b>-composites. 1 is the only unit. An <b>H</b>-number <i>h</i> is <b>H</b>-prime if it is not the unit, and is the product of two <b>H</b>-numbers in only one way: 1 ¡Á <i>h</i>. The rest of the numbers are <b>H</b>-composite. </p><p>For examples, the first few <b>H</b>-composites are: 5 ¡Á 5 = 25, 5 ¡Á 9 = 45, 5 ¡Á 13 = 65, 9 ¡Á 9 = 81, 5 ¡Á 17 = 85. </p><p>Your task is to count the number of <b>H</b>-semi-primes. An <b>H</b>-semi-prime is an <b>H</b>-number which is the product of exactly two <b>H</b>-primes. The two <b>H</b>-primes may be equal or different. In the example above, all five numbers are <b>H</b>-semi-primes. 125 = 5 ¡Á 5 ¡Á 5 is not an <b>H</b>-semi-prime, because it's the product of three <b>H</b>-primes. </p><h2>Input</h2><p>Each line of input contains an <b>H</b>-number ¡Ü 1,000,001. The last line of input contains 0 and this line should not be processed. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each inputted <b>H</b>-number <i>h</i>, print a line stating <i>h</i> and the number of <b>H</b>-semi-primes between 1 and <i>h</i> inclusive, separated by one space in the format shown in the sample. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">21 
85
789
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">21 0
85 5
789 62</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Waterloo+Local+Contest">Waterloo Local Contest</a><p>, 2006.9.30</p>