<h2>Description</h2><p>A racing bicycle is driven by a chain connecting two sprockets. Sprockets are grouped into two clusters: the front cluster (typically consisting of 2 or 3 sprockets) and the rear cluster (typically consisting of between 5 and 10 sprockets). At any time the chain connects one of the front sprockets to one of the rear sprockets. The drive ratio -- the ratio of the angular velocity of the pedals to that of the wheels -- is <i>n </i>:<i> m</i> where <i>n</i> is the number of teeth on the rear sprocket and <i>m</i> is the number of teeth on the front sprocket. Two drive ratios <i>d</i><sub>1 </sub>&lt;<i> d</i><sub>2</sub> are adjacent if there is no other drive ratio <i>d</i><sub>1 </sub>&lt;<i> d</i><sub>3 </sub>&lt;<i> d</i><sub>2</sub>. The <i>spread</i> between a pair of drive ratios <i>d</i><sub>1 </sub>&lt;<i> d</i><sub>2</sub> is their quotient: <i>d</i><sub>2</sub> ⁄ <i>d</i><sub>1</sub>. You are to compute the maximum spread between two adjacent drive ratios achieved by a particular pair of front and rear clusters. </p><h2>Input</h2><p>Input consists of several test cases, followed by a line containing 0. Each test case is specified by the following input: </p><ul><li><i>f</i>: the number of sprockets in the front cluster; </li><li><i>r</i>: the number of sprockets in the rear cluster; </li><li><i>f</i> integers, each giving the number of teeth on one of the gears in the front cluster; </li><li><i>r</i> integers, each giving the number of teeth on one of the gears in the rear cluster. </li></ul><p>You may assume that no cluster has more than 10 sprockets and that no gear has fewer than 10 or more than 100 teeth. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output the maximum spread rounded to two decimal places. </p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 4
40 50
12 14 16 19
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1.19</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Waterloo+Local+Contest">Waterloo Local Contest</a><p>, 2007.7.14</p>