<h2>Description</h2><p>Let <i>x</i> and <i>y</i> be two strings over some finite alphabet <i>A</i>. We would like to transform <i>x</i> into <i>y</i> allowing only operations given below:</p><p></p><ul><li><b>Deletion:</b> a letter in <i>x</i> is missing in <i>y</i> at a corresponding position.</li><li><b>Insertion:</b> a letter in <i>y</i> is missing in <i>x</i> at a corresponding position.</li><li><b>Change:</b> letters at corresponding positions are distinct</li></ul><p></p><p>Certainly, we would like to minimize the number of all possible operations.</p><blockquote><b>Illustration</b><p></p><pre><tt>A G T A A G T * A G G C
<br>| | |       |   |   | |
<br>A G T * C * T G A C G C</tt></pre><p></p><b>Deletion:</b> * in the bottom line<br><b>Insertion:</b> * in the top line<br><b>Change:</b> when the letters at the top and bottom are distinct</blockquote><p>This tells us that to transform <i>x</i> = AGTCTGACGC into <i>y</i> = AGTAAGTAGGC we would be required to perform 5 operations (2 changes, 2 deletions and 1 insertion). If we want to minimize the number operations, we should do it like</p><p></p><pre><tt>A  G  T  A  A  G  T  A  G  G  C
<br>|  |  |        |     |     |  |
<br>A  G  T  C  T  G  *  A  C  G  C</tt></pre><p></p><p>and 4 moves would be required (3 changes and 1 deletion).</p><p>In this problem we would always consider strings <i>x</i> and <i>y</i> to be fixed, such that the number of letters in <i>x</i> is <i>m</i> and the number of letters in <i>y</i> is <i>n</i> where <i>n</i> ¡Ý <i>m</i>.</p><p>Assign 1 as the cost of an operation performed. Otherwise, assign 0 if there is no operation performed.</p><p>Write a program that would minimize the number of possible operations to transform any string <i>x</i> into a string <i>y</i>.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of the strings <i>x</i> and <i>y</i> prefixed by their respective lengths, which are within 1000.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>An integer representing the minimum number of possible operations to transform any string <i>x</i> into a string <i>y</i>.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">10 AGTCTGACGC
11 AGTAAGTAGGC</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Manila+2006">Manila 2006</a>