<h2>Description</h2><p>Maybe you wonder what an annoying painting tool is? First of all, the painting tool we speak of supports only black and white. Therefore, a picture consists of a rectangular area of pixels, which are either black or white. Second, there is only one operation how to change the colour of pixels:</p><p>Select a rectangular area of <strong>r</strong> rows and <strong>c</strong> columns of pixels, which is completely inside the picture. As a result of the operation, each pixel inside the selected rectangle changes its colour (from black to white, or from white to black).</p><p>Initially, all pixels are white. To create a picture, the operation described above can be applied several times. Can you paint a certain picture which you have in mind?</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains several test cases. Each test case starts with one line containing four integers <strong>n</strong>, <strong>m</strong>, <strong>r</strong> and <strong>c</strong>. (<i>1 ¡Ü r ¡Ü n ¡Ü 100, 1 ¡Ü c ¡Ü m ¡Ü 100</i>), The following <strong>n</strong> lines each describe one row of pixels of the painting you want to create. The <strong>i<sup>th</sup></strong> line consists of <strong>m</strong> characters describing the desired pixel values of the <strong>i<sup>th</sup></strong> row in the finished painting ('0' indicates white, '1' indicates black).</p><p>The last test case is followed by a line containing four zeros.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, print the minimum number of operations needed to create the painting, or -1 if it is impossible.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3 3 1 1
010
101
010
4 3 2 1
011
110
011
110
3 4 2 2
0110
0111
0000
0 0 0 0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4
6
-1</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Ulm+Local+2007">Ulm Local 2007</a>