<h2>Description</h2><p>Customer support department in an "Incomprehension Amateurs, Ltd" software company has call center for answering users' questions. Support prices are as follows:<br><table border="border"><tbody><tr><td>1.</td><td>Answer to a question</td><td>10 USD</td></tr><tr><td>2.</td><td>Correct answer to a question</td><td>20 USD</td></tr><tr><td>3.</td><td>Correct answer to a question with explanation</td><td>40 USD</td></tr><tr><td>4.</td><td>Correct answer to a question which was already correctly answered before</td><td>+10 USD for each previous correct answerD</td></tr></tbody></table></p><p>So, for example, if user asks the same question three times, first receives incorrect answer, then correct one, and the third time correct answer with explanation, it will cost him 10 + 20 + (40 + 1 * 10) = 80 USD.</p><p>Customers are billed monthly according to call log. Company engineers review the log and for each question determine:</p><p>1. unique number, so the equivalent questions have same numbers,<br>2. whether the answer was correct,<br>3. whether the answer was short or included detailed enough explanation. </p><p>Given that data, your program must calculate the payment amount.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Input file contains number of calls <i>N</i> followed by <i>N</i> triples <i>q<sub>i</sub></i> <i>a<sub>i</sub></i> <i>x<sub>i</sub></i>, where <i>q<sub>i</sub></i> is integer question number, <i>a<sub>i</sub></i> = 1 if the answer was correct, 0 otherwise, <i>x<sub>i</sub></i> = 1 if explanation was given, 0 otherwise.</p><h4>Constraints</h4><p>1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 10000, 1 ¡Ü <i>q<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 10<sup>6</sup>. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>Output file must contain a single number ¡ª payment amount.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">&lt;b&gt;Sample Input 1&lt;/b&gt;
1
9834 0 1
&lt;b&gt;Sample Input 2&lt;/b&gt;
3
33 1 0
33 0 0
33 1 1</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">&lt;b&gt;Sample Output 1&lt;/b&gt;
10
&lt;b&gt;Sample Output 2&lt;/b&gt;
80</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Bold texts appearing in the sample sections are informative and do not form part of the actual data.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2006">Northeastern Europe 2006</a><p>, Far-Eastern Subregion</p>