<h2>Description</h2><p>The French author Georges Perec (1936¨C1982) once wrote a book, La disparition, without the letter <tt>'e'</tt>. He was a member of the Oulipo group. A quote from the book:</p><blockquote><p>Tout avait Pair normal, mais tout s¡¯affirmait faux. Tout avait Fair normal, d¡¯abord, puis surgissait l¡¯inhumain, l¡¯affolant. Il aurait voulu savoir o¨´ s¡¯articulait l¡¯association qui l¡¯unissait au roman : stir son tapis, assaillant ¨¤ tout instant son imagination, l¡¯intuition d¡¯un tabou, la vision d¡¯un mal obscur, d¡¯un quoi vacant, d¡¯un non-dit : la vision, l¡¯avision d¡¯un oubli commandant tout, o¨´ s¡¯abolissait la raison : tout avait l¡¯air normal mais¡­</p></blockquote><p>Perec would probably have scored high (or rather, low) in the following contest. People are asked to write a perhaps even meaningful text on some subject with as few occurrences of a given ¡°word¡± as possible. Our task is to provide the jury with a program that counts these occurrences, in order to obtain a ranking of the competitors. These competitors often write very long texts with nonsense meaning; a sequence of 500,000 consecutive <tt>'T'</tt>s is not unusual. And they never use spaces.</p><p>So we want to quickly find out how often a word, i.e., a given string, occurs in a text. More formally: given the alphabet {<tt>'A'</tt>, <tt>'B'</tt>, <tt>'C'</tt>, ¡­, <tt>'Z'</tt>} and two finite strings over that alphabet, a word <i>W</i> and a text <i>T</i>, count the number of occurrences of <i>W</i> in <i>T</i>. All the consecutive characters of W must exactly match consecutive characters of <i>T</i>. Occurrences may overlap.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains a single number: the number of test cases to follow. Each test case has the following format:</p><ul><li>One line with the word <i>W</i>, a string over {<tt>'A'</tt>, <tt>'B'</tt>, <tt>'C'</tt>, ¡­, <tt>'Z'</tt>}, with 1 ¡Ü |<i>W</i>| ¡Ü 10,000 (here |<i>W</i>| denotes the length of the string <i>W</i>).</li><li>One line with the text <i>T</i>, a string over {<tt>'A'</tt>, <tt>'B'</tt>, <tt>'C'</tt>, ¡­, <tt>'Z'</tt>}, with |<i>W</i>| ¡Ü |<i>T</i>| ¡Ü 1,000,000.</li></ul><h2>Output</h2><p>For every test case in the input file, the output should contain a single number, on a single line: the number of occurrences of the word <i>W</i> in the text <i>T</i>.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
BAPC
BAPC
AZA
AZAZAZA
VERDI
AVERDXIVYERDIAN</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1
3
0</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=BAPC+2006+Qualification">BAPC 2006 Qualification</a>