<h2>Description</h2><p>It is a well-known fact that if you mix up the letters of a word, while leaving the first and last letters in their places, words still remain readable. For example, the sentence ¡°tihs snetncee mkaes prfecet sesne¡±, makes perfect sense to most people.</p><p>If you remove all spaces from a sentence, it still remains perfectly readable, see for example: ¡°thissentencemakesperfectsense¡±, however if you combine these two things, first shuffling, then removing spaces, things get hard. The following sentence is harder to decipher: ¡°tihssnetnceemkaesprfecetsesne¡±.</p><p>You¡¯re given a sentence in the last form, together with a dictionary of valid words and are asked to decipher the text.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>On the first line one positive number: the number of testcases, at most 100. After that per testcase:</p><ul><li><p>One line with a string <i>s</i>: the sentence to decipher. The sentence consists of lowercase letters and has a length of at least 1 and at most <nobr>1 000</nobr> characters.</p></li><li><p>One line with an integer <i>n</i> with 1 ¡Ü <i>n</i> ¡Ü <nobr>10 000</nobr>: the number of words in the dictionary.</p></li><li><p><i>n</i> lines with one word each. A word consists of lowercase letters and has a length of at least 1 and at most 100 characters. All the words are unique.</p></li></ul><h2>Output</h2><p>Per testcase:</p><ul><li>One line with the deciphered sentence, if it is possible to uniquely decipher it. Otherwise ¡°<tt>impossible</tt>¡± or ¡°<tt>ambiguous</tt>¡±, depending on which is the case.</li></ul><pre><code class="language-input1">3
tihssnetnceemkaesprfecetsesne
5
makes
perfect
sense
sentence
this
hitehre
2
there
hello
hitehre
3
hi
there
three</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">this sentence makes perfect sense
impossible
ambiguous</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northwestern+Europe+2007">Northwestern Europe 2007</a>