<h2>Description</h2><p>You may have had fun with the popular board game Connect Four, especially if you are using GNOME or KDE, where the game comes under the name Four-in-a-Row or KFourInLine. Wikipedia describes the game as saying,</p><blockquote><p>¡°Connect Four (also known as Plot Four, Four in a Row, and Four in a Line) is a two-player board game in which the players take turns in dropping alternating colored discs into a seven-column, six-row vertically-suspended grid. The object of the game is to connect four singly-colored discs in a row -- vertically, horizontally, or diagonally -- before your opponent can do likewise.¡±</p></blockquote><p>The game was solved in 1988 by James D. Allen, and independently by Victor Allis. The first player can force a win with perfect play.</p><p>Slightly generalizing the game, we now use a <i>m</i>-column, <i>n</i>-row grid in the game. Starting from any legal position, can you decide whether any player can force a win or the game will end in a draw?</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input consists of a single test case. The first line contains <i>m</i> and <i>n</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>m</i>, <i>n</i> ¡Ü 10). Next come <i>n</i> lines each containing a string of <i>m</i> characters, which describes a legal position in the game. We use black (¡®<tt>B</tt>¡¯) and white (¡®<tt>W</tt>¡¯) discs in this problem. Unoccupied positions in the grid is denoted by periods (¡®<tt>.</tt>¡¯). At most 40 or 60% of all positions are unoccupied.</p><p>The first player always plays black discs when the game starts, but the given position may be continued with the second player playing first.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>If the first player, who plays black discs, can force a win, output ¡°<tt>Black Wins!</tt>¡±; if the second player, who plays white discs, can force a win, output ¡°<tt>White Wins!</tt>¡±; otherwise, output ¡°<tt>Draw!</tt>¡±</p><pre><code class="language-input1">4 5
.....
.....
.....
.BWB.</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">Draw!</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>Consider using alpha-beta pruning.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Founder+Monthly+Contest+%E2%80%93+2008.03.16">POJ Founder Monthly Contest ¨C 2008.03.16</a><p>, Jiang Liyang</p>