<h2>Description</h2><p><i>Beer Lovers Club</i> makes regular parties. They hate warm beer, but club¡¯s refrigerator is too small to store enough beer for the whole company. So they decided to order a special super-big beer refrigerator. The new refrigerator should be a parallelepiped <i>a</i> ¡Á <i>b</i> ¡Á <i>c</i> and store exactly <i>n</i> cubical 1 ¡Á 1 ¡Á 1 beer boxes (the club has <i>n</i> members). To decrease losses of cold, the total area of the surface of the refrigerator must be as small as possible.</p><p>For example, if the capacity of the refrigerator must be 12, the possible variants are:</p><table align="center" border="0"><tbody><tr><td align="center">Dimensions</td><td style="width: 1em;"></td><td align="center">Surface Area</td></tr><tr><td align="center">3 ¡Á 2 ¡Á 2</td><td style="width: 1em;"></td><td align="center">32</td></tr><tr><td align="center">4 ¡Á 3 ¡Á 1</td><td style="width: 1em"></td><td align="center">38</td></tr><tr><td align="center">6 ¡Á 2 ¡Á 1</td><td style="width: 1em;"></td><td align="center">40</td></tr><tr><td align="center">12 ¡Á 1 ¡Á 1</td><td style="width: 1em;"></td><td align="center">50</td></tr></tbody></table><p>The best variant in this case is 3 ¡Á 2 ¡Á 2.</p><p>Help the beer lovers to find the optimal dimensions of their new refrigerator.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input file contains single integer number <i>n</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>n</i> ¡Ü 10<sup>6</sup>) ¡ª the capacity of the refrigerator. Help the beer lovers to find the optimal dimensions of their new refrigerator.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Output three integer numbers: <i>a</i>, <i>b</i> and <i>c</i> ¡ª the optimal dimensions of the refrigerator. If there are several solutions, output any of them.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;13&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#3&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;1000000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;3 2 2&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;1 13 1&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#3&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;100 100 100&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2007">Northeastern Europe 2007</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>