<h2>Description</h2><p>Nick is a mathematician and his speciality is Boolean logic, especially repetition-free functions. The Boolean function is repetition-free if it can be represented as a repetition-free formula. Formula is repetition-free if each variable occurs in the formula only once.</p><p>Let us fix the syntax of considered logical formulae:</p><ul><li>Variables — letters from ‘<tt>a</tt>’ to ‘<tt>k</tt>’;</li><li>Parentheses — if <i>E</i> is a formula, then (<i>E</i>) is another;</li><li>Negation — ¬<i>E</i> is a formula for any formula <i>E</i>;</li><li>Conjunction — <i>E</i><sub>1</sub> ∧ <i>E</i><sub>2</sub> ∧ ⋯ ∧ <i>E<sub>n</sub></i>;</li><li>Disjunction — E<sub>1</sub> ∨ <i>E</i><sub>2</sub> ∨ ⋯ ∨ <i>E<sub>n</sub></i>.</li></ul><p>The operations are listed from the highest priority to the lowest.</p><p>The problem is to represent given Boolean function by a repetition-free formula.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The only line of input contains the Boolean function represented as a string consisting of characters ‘<tt>a</tt>’..‘<tt>k</tt>’, ‘<tt>(</tt>’, ‘<tt>)</tt>’, ‘<tt>~</tt>’, ‘<tt>&amp;</tt>’ and ‘<tt>|</tt>’. The last three tokens stand for ¬, ∧ and ∨ respectively. Tokens can be separated by an arbitrary number of spaces. The line contains <nobr>1 000</nobr> characters at most. The formula in the file is syntactically correct.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>The first line of the output file must contain “<tt>Yes</tt>” if function is repetition-free and “<tt>No</tt>” otherwise.</p><p>In the former case the following line must contain the repetition-free formula for given Boolean function in the same format as in the input file. The line must contain no more than <nobr>1 000</nobr> characters.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;(a | b) &amp;amp; (a | c)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;d&amp;amp;~d&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#3&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;d &amp;amp; ~d | ~((a|~b) &amp;amp; (a|c))&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#4&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;a &amp;amp; b | ~ a &amp;amp; ~b&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;Yes&lt;br&gt;a | b &amp;amp; c&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#3&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;Yes&lt;br&gt;~a&amp;amp;(b|~c)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#4&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2007">Northeastern Europe 2007</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>