<h2>Description</h2><p>Peter’s Boss is now very upset. He said that Peter’s vision of the orthogonal sum of two strings is not collinear to the general pary line of <i>RIGS</i>. At least, it is very bad that the orthogonal sum of two strings in Peter’s vision can be different depending on a selected set of strings. But Boss decided to give Peter a last str…well, a chance.</p><p>Peter’s colleague Andrew invented another definition of orthogonal sum of two strings of equal length <i>n</i>, which depends only on the alphabet. The basic alphabet to define this operation consists only of zeros and ones. The orthogonal sum of two strings <i>a</i> ⊕ <i>b</i> is just a string <i>c</i> where <i>c<sub>i</sub></i> = <i>a<sub>i</sub></i> ⊕ <i>b<sub>i</sub></i> (<i>S<sub>i</sub></i> denotes <i>i</i>-th character of string <i>S</i>). Here ⊕ stands for <i>exclusive OR</i> operation which returns 0 for equal characters and 1 otherwise.</p><p>Now Peter must study properties of orthogonal closure of a given string <i>S</i>. The orthogonal closure of <i>S</i> (denoted <i>S</i><sup>⊕</sup>) is a set of strings <i>S</i><sub>(<i>k</i>)</sub> ⊕ <i>S</i><sub>(<i>l</i>)</sub> for any 0 ≤ <i>k</i>, <i>l</i> ≤ <i>n</i> − 1, where <i>n</i> is the length of <i>S</i>, and <i>S</i><sub>(<i>k</i>)</sub> denotes an operation of <i>k</i>-th circular shift of <i>S</i> — moving <i>k</i> last characters from the end of the string <i>S</i> to its beginning. For example, the second circular shift of <tt>abcde</tt> is <tt>deabc</tt>.</p><p>Given a string <i>T</i>, Peter’s task is to check whether it belongs to <i>S</i><sup>⊕</sup>. Could you solve this task for him?</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input file contains a given string <i>T</i>. The second line contains <i>S</i>. Both strings are of equal length in range from 1 to <nobr>5 000</nobr> characters. All characters in these strings are zeros or ones.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>If a given string belongs to <i>S</i><sup>⊕</sup>, output “<tt>Yes</tt>”. Otherwise output “<tt>No</tt>”.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;11111&lt;br&gt;10101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;11110&lt;br&gt;10101&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">&lt;table style=&quot;border-color: black; border-collapse: collapse;&quot; border=&quot;1&quot;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#1&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;No&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;th&gt;#2&lt;/th&gt;&lt;td&gt;Yes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2007">Northeastern Europe 2007</a><p>, Northern Subregion</p>