<h2>Description</h2><p>AT-sequences are command strings used to control modems. An AT-sequence is a string of no more than 500 characters consisting of the prefix 'AT' followed by some commands immediately one after another without any separators. Here is a simplified description of the modem commands.</p><p>Each command consists of a header and an optional numeric value (non-negative integer containing no more than 4 digits). If there is a value in the command, it is separated from the header by the character '='.</p><p>The header itself also consists of two parts. The first, mandatory, part of a header has one of the following forms:</p><ul><li>one or two upper-case Latin letters;</li><li>one of the symbols '&amp;', '#', '@', followed by one upper-case Latin letter.</li></ul><p>The second, optional part of a header is a non-negative integer containing no more than 20 digits.</p><p>Spaces are not allowed in the command notation. If the command notation contains only one or two Latin letters, this command can't precede another one with the notation started by a letter.</p><p>The task is to determine all commands included in the structure of a correct AT-sequence.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains one line with the source AT-sequence.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>Each line of the output contains one command from the AT-sequence given in the input file. The commands must be listed in the same order as in the AT-sequence. If AT-sequence have no commands you must generate nothing.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">ATDP2934564&amp;amp;H0S0=4</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">DP2934564
&amp;amp;H0
S0=4</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2003">Northeastern Europe 2003</a><p>, Western Subregion</p>