<h2>Description</h2><p>Let us define a <i>pseudographical image</i> to be a rectangular matrix of the characters <tt>’.’</tt>, <tt>’‑’</tt>, <tt>’|’</tt>, <tt>’\’</tt>, and <tt>’/’.</tt></p><p>The character <tt>’.’</tt> denotes empty space on the image. A horizontal line segment is given as a set of <tt>’-’</tt> characters in adjacent cells in the same row of the matrix. A vertical line segment is given as a set of <tt>’|’</tt> characters in adjacent cells in the same column of the matrix. Similarly, a diagonal line segment is given as a set of <tt>’/’</tt> or <tt>’\’</tt> characters in adjacent cells in the same diagonal of the matrix. Of course, a line segment going from Northwest to Southeast has to be given using the <tt>’\’</tt> characters and a line segment going from Southwest to Northeast using the <tt>’/’</tt> characters.</p><p>Write a program that, given a pseudographical image, determines if it contains exactly one line segment – horizontal, vertical, or diagonal.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains several test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases T (1 ≤ T ≤ 100). Next follow the descriptions of each test case. The first line of the test case description contains two integers N and M (1 ≤ N, M ≤ 10), the number of rows and columns of the matrix, respectively. Each of the following N lines of the description contains exactly M symbols ‘.’, ‘‑’, ‘|’, ‘\’, or ‘/’.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>The output consists of <b>T</b> lines, one line per each test case. This line should contain the word <b>CORRECT</b> if the input image contains exactly one line segment, or the word <b>INCORRECT</b> otherwise.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5
5 5
.....
\....
.\...
..\..
.....
3 3
/..
./.
../
3 6
.|....
.|.---
.|....
3 3
...
...
...
1 1
/</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">CORRECT
INCORRECT
INCORRECT
INCORRECT
CORRECT</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=Northeastern+Europe+2005">Northeastern Europe 2005</a><p>, Western Subregion</p>