<h2>Description</h2><div><p>Larry likes playing the number-guessing game.</p><p>Two players are needed in a game. Suppose they are X and Y, and X presents a number for Y to guess. Firstly, X chooses a number with four different digits, keeping it in mind, and tells Y to start guessing. Every time Y has guessed, X should give out *A*B to show Y how close to the number his answer is. Here the symbol * stands for a number, and the number before A is the number of digits in Y's answer with both correct value and position. The number before B is the number of digits in Y's answer with correct value but incorrect position.</p><p>For example, if X chooses the number 5204, and Y guesses 4902, then X should give out 1A2B, in which 1A corresponds for digit 0 with both correct value and position and 2B corresponds for digit 2 and 4 with correct value but incorrect position. Then Y will go on guessing according to 1A2B that X presents him until he gets the totally correct number 5204 (when X shows him 4A0B).</p><p>Now you are given two numbers, and what you need to do is just testing how close they are.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line of the input is an integer <i>T</i> which indicates the number of test cases. For each test case, input two numbers. Each number contains four different digits.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output *A*B stands for how close the two numbers are.<br>¡¡</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
5204 4902
0123 3210
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1A2B
0A4B
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=South+Central+China+2008+hosted+by+NUDT">South Central China 2008 hosted by NUDT</a>