<h2>Description</h2><div><p>Your friend, Jackson is invited to a TV show called SuperMemo in which the participant is told to play a memorizing game. At first, the host tells the participant a sequence of numbers, {<i>A</i><sub>1</sub>, <i>A</i><sub>2</sub>, ... <i>A<sub>n</sub></i>}. Then the host performs a series of operations and queries on the sequence which consists:</p><ol><li><i>ADD x y D</i>: Add D to each number in sub-sequence {<i>A<sub>x</sub></i> ... <i>A<sub>y</sub></i>}. For example, performing "<i>ADD</i> 2 4 1" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} results in {1, 3, 4, 5, 5}</li><li><i>REVERSE x y</i>: reverse the sub-sequence {<i>A<sub>x</sub></i> ... <i>A<sub>y</sub></i>}. For example, performing "<i>REVERSE</i> 2 4" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} results in {1, 4, 3, 2, 5}</li><li><i>REVOLVE x y T</i>: rotate sub-sequence {<i>A<sub>x</sub></i> ... <i>A<sub>y</sub></i>} <i>T</i> times. For example, performing "<i>REVOLVE</i> 2 4 2" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} results in {1, 3, 4, 2, 5}</li><li><i>INSERT x P</i>: insert <i>P</i> after <i>A<sub>x</sub></i>. For example, performing "<i>INSERT</i> 2 4" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} results in {1, 2, 4, 3, 4, 5}</li><li><i>DELETE x</i>: delete <i>A<sub>x</sub></i>. For example, performing "<i>DELETE</i> 2" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} results in {1, 3, 4, 5}</li><li><i>MIN x y</i>: query the participant what is the minimum number in sub-sequence {<i>A<sub>x</sub></i> ... <i>A<sub>y</sub></i>}. For example, the correct answer to "<i>MIN</i> 2 4" on {1, 2, 3, 4, 5} is 2</li></ol><p>To make the show more interesting, the participant is granted a chance to turn to someone else that means when Jackson feels difficult in answering a query he may call you for help. You task is to watch the TV show and write a program giving the correct answer to each query in order to assist Jackson whenever he calls.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><div><p>The first line contains <i>n </i>(<i>n </i>¡Ü 100000).</p><p>The following <i>n</i> lines describe the sequence.</p><p>Then follows <i>M</i> (<i>M </i>¡Ü 100000), the numbers of operations and queries.</p><p>The following <i>M</i> lines describe the operations and queries.</p></div><h2>Output</h2><p>For each "<i>MIN</i>" query, output the correct answer.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5
1 
2 
3 
4 
5
2
ADD 2 4 1
MIN 4 5</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">5</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Founder+Monthly+Contest+%E2%80%93+2008.04.13">POJ Founder Monthly Contest ¨C 2008.04.13</a><p>, Yao Jinyu</p>