<h2>Description</h2><div><p>For their physical fitness program, <i>N</i> (2 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 1,000,000) cows have decided to run a relay race using the <i>T</i> (2 ¡Ü <i>T</i> ¡Ü 100) cow trails throughout the pasture.</p><p>Each trail connects two different intersections (1 ¡Ü <i>I</i><sub>1<i>i</i></sub> ¡Ü 1,000; 1 ¡Ü <i>I</i><sub>2<i>i</i></sub> ¡Ü 1,000), each of which is the termination for at least two trails. The cows know the <i>length<sub>i</sub></i> of each trail (1 ¡Ü <i>length<sub>i</sub></i>&nbsp; ¡Ü 1,000), the two intersections the trail connects, and they know that no two intersections are directly connected by two different trails. The trails form a structure known mathematically as a graph.</p><p>To run the relay, the <i>N</i> cows position themselves at various intersections (some intersections might have more than one cow). They must position themselves properly so that they can hand off the baton cow-by-cow and end up at the proper finishing place.</p><p>Write a program to help position the cows. Find the shortest path that connects the starting intersection (<i>S</i>) and the ending intersection (<i>E</i>) and traverses exactly <i>N</i> cow trails.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><p>* Line 1: Four space-separated integers: <i>N</i>, <i>T</i>, <i>S</i>, and <i>E</i><br>* Lines 2..<i>T</i>+1: Line <i>i</i>+1 describes trail <i>i</i> with three space-separated integers: <i>length<sub>i</sub></i> , <i>I</i><sub>1<i>i</i></sub> , and <i>I</i><sub>2<i>i</i></sub> </p><h2>Output</h2><p>* Line 1: A single integer that is the shortest distance from intersection <i>S</i> to intersection <i>E</i> that traverses exactly <i>N</i> cow trails.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2 6 6 4
11 4 6
4 4 8
8 4 9
6 6 8
2 6 9
3 8 9</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">10</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2007+November+Gold">USACO 2007 November Gold</a>