<h2>Description</h2><div><p>Farmer John wants to set up a telephone line at his farm. Unfortunately, the phone company is uncooperative, so he needs to pay for some of the cables required to connect his farm to the phone system.</p><p>There are <i>N</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 1,000) forlorn telephone poles conveniently numbered 1..<i>N</i> that are scattered around Farmer John's property; no cables connect any them. A total of <i>P</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>P</i> ¡Ü 10,000) pairs of poles can be connected by a cable; the rest are too far apart.</p><p>The <i>i</i>-th cable can connect the two distinct poles <i>A<sub>i</sub></i> and <i>B<sub>i</sub></i>, with length <i>L<sub>i</sub></i> (1 ¡Ü <i>L<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 1,000,000) units if used. The input data set never names any {<i>A<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>B<sub>i</sub></i>} pair more than once. Pole 1 is already connected to the phone system, and pole<i> N</i> is at the farm. Poles 1 and <i>N </i>need to be connected by a path of cables; the rest of the poles might be used or might not be used.</p><p>As it turns out, the phone company is willing to provide Farmer John with <i>K</i> (0 ¡Ü <i>K</i> &lt; <i>N</i>) lengths of cable for free. Beyond that he will have to pay a price equal to the length of the longest remaining cable he requires (each pair of poles is connected with a separate cable), or 0 if he does not need any additional cables.</p><p>Determine the minimum amount that Farmer John must pay.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><p>* Line 1: Three space-separated integers: <i>N</i>, <i>P</i>, and <i>K</i><br>* Lines 2..<i>P</i>+1: Line <i>i</i>+1 contains the three space-separated integers: <i>A<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>B<sub>i</sub></i>, and <i>L<sub>i</sub></i> </p><h2>Output</h2><p>* Line 1: A single integer, the minimum amount Farmer John can pay. If it is impossible to connect the farm to the phone company, print -1.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">5 7 1
1 2 5
3 1 4
2 4 8
3 2 3
5 2 9
3 4 7
4 5 6
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">4
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=USACO+2008+January+Silver">USACO 2008 January Silver</a>