<h2>Description</h2><div><p>John is the only priest in his town. September 1st is the John's busiest day in a year because there is an old legend in the town that the couple who get married on that day will be forever blessed by the God of Love. This year <i>N</i> couples plan to get married on the blessed day. The <i>i</i>-th couple plan to hold their wedding from time <i>S<sub>i</sub></i> to time <i>T<sub>i</sub></i>. According to the traditions in the town, there must be a special ceremony on which the couple stand before the priest and accept blessings. The <i>i</i>-th couple need <i>D<sub>i</sub></i> minutes to finish this ceremony. Moreover, this ceremony must be either at the beginning or the ending of the wedding (i.e. it must be either from <i>S<sub>i</sub></i> to <i>S<sub>i</sub></i> + <i>D<sub>i</sub></i>, or from <i>T<sub>i</sub></i> - <i>D<sub>i</sub></i> to <i>T<sub>i</sub></i>). Could you tell John how to arrange his schedule so that he can present at every special ceremonies of the weddings.</p><p>Note that John can not be present at two weddings simultaneously.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><p>The first line contains a integer <i>N</i> ( 1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 1000). <br>The next <i>N</i> lines contain the <i>S<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>T<sub>i</sub></i> and <i>D<sub>i</sub></i>. <i>S<sub>i</sub></i> and <i>T<sub>i</sub></i> are in the format of <i>hh:mm</i>. </p><h2>Output</h2><p>The first line of output contains "YES" or "NO" indicating whether John can be present at every special ceremony. If it is "YES", output another <i>N</i> lines describing the staring time and finishing time of all the ceremonies.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
08:00 09:00 30
08:15 09:00 20

</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">YES
08:00 08:30
08:40 09:00
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Founder+Monthly+Contest+%E2%80%93+2008.08.31">POJ Founder Monthly Contest ¨C 2008.08.31</a><p>, Dagger and Facer</p>