<h2>Description</h2><div><p>Joan is taking an internship at a company these days. Every day she is assigned tons of dull statistical jobs such as counting how many products made by the company values more than $100. In order to have more time to chat with the handsome intern nearby, she asks you to program a clever software that helps her get released from the onerous work.</p><p>The software should take as input a table of records together with several queries and for each query output all the records respectively.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><div><p>The first part of the input is a single line consisting of three integers, <i>m</i>(1 ¡Ü<i> m</i> ¡Ü 10), <i>n</i>(1 ¡Ü <i>n</i> ¡Ü 10000), <i>k</i>(1 ¡Ü k ¡Ü 100) indicating the number of columns in the table, the number of records and the number of queries.</p><p>The second part of the input is the description of the table, which consists of <i>m</i> lines. The <i>i</i>-th line of this part consists two strings in the format <i>Column_Name</i> <i>Type</i> which describes the <i>i</i>-th column of the table.</p><ul><li><i>Column_Name</i> contains only letters(a-zA-Z), digits(0-9) and underline(_).</li><li><i>Type</i> is either "STR" or "INT" indicating the type of this column.</li></ul><p>The third part of the input shows the content of the table which contains <i>n</i> lines. The <i>i</i>-th line of this part shows the <i>i</i>-th record in the table which consists of <i>m</i> items.</p><ul><li>if the type of the i-th column is "INT", the i-th item will be a 32-bit integer.</li><li>if the type of the i-th column is "STR" , the i-th item will be a string containing only letters(a-zA-Z), digits(0-9) and underline(_).</li></ul><p>The last part of the input gives the <i>k</i> queries which are similar to SQL select statements. The query is in the format select <i>Column_List</i> where <i>Condition</i></p><ul><li><i>Column_List</i> contains a list of column names which are separated by a single comma. All the names occured in the description of the table.</li><li><i>Condition</i> is in the format <i>Column_Name Op Value</i></li> <ul><li><i>Column_Name</i> is one of the column name in the description of the table.</li><li>if the column's type is "STR", <i>Op</i> is "=". Otherwise it may be "=", "&lt;" or "&gt;". </li><li>if the column's type is "STR", <i>Value</i> will be a quoted string containing only letters(a-zA-Z), digits(0-9) and underline(_). Otherwise it will be a 32-bit integer. </li></ul></ul><p>The size of the input will not exceed 1M bytes.</p></div><h2>Output</h2><div><p>For each query output a table and a blank line as Sample Output shows.</p></div><pre><code class="language-input1">3 10 4
SID INT
NAME STR
PRIZE INT
1000 Potion 50
1001 Phoenix_Down 150
1002 Remedy 300
1003 Dagger 320
1004 Rod 260
1005 Flame_Staff 1100
1006 Broad_Sword 330
1007 Fork 1100
1008 Javelin 880
1009 Cats_Claws 4000
select SID,NAME,PRIZE where PRIZE&amp;gt;100
select SID,SID where NAME=&quot;Dagger&quot;
select PRIZE where NAME=&quot;Rod&quot;
select SID,NAME,PRIZE where NAME=&quot;Excalibur&quot;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">&lt;span font=&quot;Courier&quot;&gt;
+-----------------------------+
| SID  |     NAME     | PRIZE |
|------|--------------|-------|
| 1001 | Phoenix_Down |  150  |
| 1002 |    Remedy    |  300  |
| 1003 |    Dagger    |  320  |
| 1004 |     Rod      |  260  |
| 1005 | Flame_Staff  | 1100  |
| 1006 | Broad_Sword  |  330  |
| 1007 |     Fork     | 1100  |
| 1008 |   Javelin    |  880  |
| 1009 |  Cats_Claws  | 4000  |
+-----------------------------+

+-------------+
| SID  | SID  |
|------|------|
| 1003 | 1003 |
+-------------+

+-------+
| PRIZE |
|-------|
|  260  |
+-------+

+--------------------+
| SID | NAME | PRIZE |
|-----|------|-------|
+--------------------+
&lt;/span&gt;</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=POJ+Founder+Monthly+Contest+%E2%80%93+2008.10.05">POJ Founder Monthly Contest ¨C 2008.10.05</a><p>, Dagger</p>