<h2>Description</h2><div><p>The country is facing a terrible civil war----cities in the country are divided into two parts supporting different leaders. As a merchant, Mr. M does not pay attention to politics but he actually knows the severe situation, and your task is to help him reach home as soon as possible. </p><p>"For the sake of safety,", said Mr.M, "your route should contain at most 1 road which connects two cities of different camp."</p><p>Would you please tell Mr. M at least how long will it take to reach his sweet home?</p></div><h2>Input</h2><div><p>The input contains multiple test cases.</p><p>The first line of each case is an integer <i>N</i> (2&lt;=<i>N</i>&lt;=600), representing the number of cities in the country.</p><p>The second line contains one integer <i>M</i> (0&lt;=<i>M</i>&lt;=10000), which is the number of roads.</p><p>The following <i>M</i> lines are the information of the roads. Each line contains three integers <i>A</i>, <i>B</i> and <i>T</i>, which means the road between city <i>A</i> and city <i>B</i> will cost time <i>T</i>. <i>T</i> is in the range of [1,500].</p><p>Next part contains <i>N</i> integers, which are either 1 or 2. The <i>i</i>-th integer shows the supporting leader of city <i>i</i>. </p><p>To simplify the problem, we assume that Mr. M starts from city 1 and his target is city 2. City 1 always supports leader 1 while city 2 is at the same side of leader 2. </p><p>Note that all roads are bidirectional and there is at most 1 road between two cities.</p><p>Input is ended with a case of <i>N</i>=0.</p></div><h2>Output</h2><div><p>For each test case, output one integer representing the minimum time to reach home.</p><p>If it is impossible to reach home according to Mr. M's demands, output -1 instead.</p></div><pre><code class="language-input1">2
1
1 2 100
1 2
3
3
1 2 100
1 3 40
2 3 50
1 2 1
5
5
3 1 200
5 3 150
2 5 160
4 3 170
4 2 170
1 2 2 2 1
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">100
90
540
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key="></a>