<h2>Description</h2><div><p>In order to encourage employees' productivity, ACM Company has made a new policy. At the beginning of a period, they give a list of tasks to each employee. In this list, each task is assigned a "productivity score". After the first <i>K</i> days, the employee who gets the highest score will be awarded bonus salary.</p><p>Due to the difficulty of tasks, for task <i>i</i>-th: </p><ul><li>It must be done from <i>hh_L<sub>i</sub> </i>: <i>mm_L<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_L<sub>i</sub></i> to <i>hh_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>mm_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_R<sub>i</sub></i>.</li><li>This range of time is estimated very strictly so that anyone must use all of this time to finish the task.</li></ul><p></p><p>Moreover, at a moment, each employee can only do at most one task. And as soon as he finishes a task, he can start doing another one immediately.</p><p>XYY is very hard-working. Unfortunately, he's never got the award. Thus, he asks you for some optimal strategy. That means, with a given list of tasks, which tasks he should do in the first <i>K</i> days to maximize the total productivity score. Notice that one task can be done at most once.</p></div><h2>Input</h2><div><p>The first line contains 2 integers <i>N</i> and <i>K</i> (1 ¡Ü <i>N</i> ¡Ü 2000, 0 ¡Ü <i>K</i> ¡Ü 100), indicating the number of tasks and days respectively. This is followed by <i>N</i> lines; each line has the following format:</p><p align="center"><i>hh_L<sub>i</sub></i>:<i>mm_L<sub>i</sub></i>:<i>ss_L<sub>i</sub></i> <i>hh_R<sub>i</sub></i>:<i>mm_R<sub>i</sub></i>:<i>ss_R<sub>i</sub></i> <i>w</i></p><p>Which means, the <i>i</i>-th task must be done from <i>hh_L<sub>i</sub> </i>: <i>mm_L<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_L<sub>i</sub></i> to <i>hh_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>mm_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_R<sub>i</sub></i> and its productivity score is <i>w</i>. (0 ¡Ü<i>hh_L<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>hh_R<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 23, 0 ¡Ü<i>mm_L<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>mm_R<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>ss_L<sub>i</sub></i>, <i>ss_R<sub>i</sub></i> ¡Ü 59, 1 ¡Ü <i>w</i> ¡Ü 10000). We use exactly 2 digits (possibly with a leading zero) to represent <i>hh</i>, <i>mm</i> and <i>ss</i>. It is guaranteed that the moment <i>hh_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>mm_R<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_R<sub>i</sub></i> is strictly later than <i>hh_L<sub>i</sub> </i>: <i>mm_L<sub>i</sub></i> : <i>ss_L<sub>i</sub></i>.¡¡</p></div><h2>Output</h2><div><p>The output only contains a nonnegative integer --- the maximum total productivity score. </p></div><pre><code class="language-input1">5 2
09:00:00 09:30:00 2
09:40:00 10:00:00 3
09:29:00 09:59:00 10
09:30:00 23:59:59 4
07:00:00 09:31:00 3
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">16</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><div><p>The optimal strategy is:<br>Day1: Task1, Task 4<br>Day2: Task 3<br>The total productivity score is 2 + 4 + 10 = 16. </p></div><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key="></a>