<h2>Description</h2><p>In a recent DOTA game, Littlepig picked Priestess of the Moon (also been called as ¡°POM¡±) and wanted to practice his skills. As you may know, POM is famous for her second skill ¡°Elune¡¯s Arrow¡±, which allows POM to fire a fast magic arrow to deal large damage to the enemy unit. In fact, POM¡¯s arrow always flies in a straight line and disappear after hitting an enemy unit.
</p>
Littlepig¡¯s POM was hiding in the forest and intended to shoot a certain important target on the lane. There were also several other enemy units nearby. POM¡¯s arrow might fly in a wrong direction and miss the target, or even if the arrow flew straight to the target, it still could be blocked by other enemy units and couldn¡¯t reach the target. So given a flying direction, your job is to determine whether Littlepig¡¯s arrow would hit his target.<h2>Input</h2><p>The input contains several test cases, and each test case is given in the following format:
</p>The first line contains an integer n (0 &lt; n &lt;= 5), indicating the number of enemy units in the game.
The second line are two integers (x0,y0) representing the position where POM stands.
The third line gives a vector (dx,dy) describing the flying direction of the arrow.
Then n lines follows, each describing an enemy unit. An enemy unit can be considered as a convex polygon and the polygon is given in the following format in a line:
<p style="padding-left: 30px">
<br>    m x1 y1 x2 y2¡­xm ym
<br></p><p>
</p>m is the number of vertices(m &lt;= 10), and (x1,y1)¡­(xm,ym) are the vertices coordinates of the polygon, given in counter-clockwise order.
The first enemy unit is the POM¡¯s target.

The input ends with a zero in a separate line (n=0). All input numbers are integers that do not exceed 105 in magnitude. It is guaranteed that polygons do not contact or overlap, and the point (x0,y0) isn¡¯t inside (or on) any polygons.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, output ¡°HIT¡± if the arrow hits its target and ¡°MISS¡± otherwise, in a separate line.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">1
0 0
0 1
3 2 0 0 2 0 1
1
0 0
-1 -1
3 2 0 0 2 0 1
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">HIT
MISS</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=2010+National+Programming+Invitational+Contest+Host+by+ZSTU">2010 National Programming Invitational Contest Host by ZSTU</a>