<h2>Description</h2><p>In this problem, you are asked to determine if a given document satisfies the syntax of an XML-like language.
</p>
A simple XML-like document can be parsed as a sequence of the following:

1. Plain text---ASCII codes between 32 and 127 (inclusive), with none of the following symbols: <b>&lt;</b><p>, </p><b>&gt;</b><p>, </p><b>&amp;</b><p>
</p>2. The sequences:
<b>&amp;lt;</b><p>
</p><b>&amp;gt;</b><p>
</p><b>&amp;amp;</b><p>
</p>These encode a <b>&lt;</b><p>, </p><b>&gt;</b><p>, or </p><b>&amp;</b><p> respectively.
</p>3. <b>&amp;xHEX;</b><p> HEX must be any even (positive) number of upper or lower case hexadecimal digits, and this represents the bytes given.
</p>4. <b>&lt;tag&gt;</b><p> Tag can be any lowercase alphanumeric string. This tag is pushed onto the context stack.
</p>5. <b>&lt;tag/&gt;</b><p> This tag is not pushed onto the context stack (there is no closing context).
</p>6. <b>&lt;/tag&gt;</b><p> This tag removes the </p><b>&lt;tag&gt;</b><p> context from the stack, which must be topmost on the stack.
</p>
By the time the entire document is parsed, the context stack is empty for a valid document. We should also note that the empty string is considered valid.<h2>Input</h2><p>You will be given a number of documents to process. Each document is given as one line of text which may be empty. The input is terminated by the end of file.</p><h2>Output</h2><p>For each document given, print </p><b>valid</b><p> on a single line if it is a valid XML-like document, or </p><b>invalid</b><p> otherwise.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">the quick brown fox.
the &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;b&amp;gt;quick&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt; brown&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt; fox.
&amp;lt;doc&amp;gt;fox &amp;amp;amp; socks.&amp;lt;/doc&amp;gt;
3x+5&amp;amp;gt;7
Null: &amp;amp;x00;
&amp;lt;doc&amp;gt;the quick brown fox.
the &amp;lt;i&amp;gt;quick &amp;lt;b&amp;gt;brown&amp;lt;/i&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt; fox
fox &amp;amp; socks.
3x+5&amp;gt;7
Null: &amp;amp;x0;</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">valid
valid
valid
valid
valid
invalid
invalid
invalid
invalid
invalid</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=2009+Rocky+Mountain">2009 Rocky Mountain</a>