<h2>Description</h2><p>A new Semester is coming and students are troubling for selecting courses. Students select their course on the web course system. There are n courses, the i</p><sup>th</sup><p> course is available during the time interval (A</p><sub>i</sub><p>,B</p><sub>i</sub><p>). That means, if you want to select the i</p><sup>th</sup><p> course, you must select it after time A</p><sub>i</sub><p> and before time B</p><sub>i</sub><p>. A</p><sub>i</sub><p> and B</p><sub>i</sub><p> are all in minutes. A student can only try to select a course every 5 minutes, but he can start trying at any time, and try as many times as he wants. For example, if you start trying to select courses at 5 minutes 21 seconds, then you can make other tries at 10 minutes 21 seconds, 15 minutes 21 seconds,20 minutes 21 seconds¡­ and so on. A student can¡¯t select more than one course at the same time. It may happen that no course is available when a student is making a try to select a course 
</p>You are to find the maximum number of courses that a student can select.<h2>Input</h2><p>There are no more than 100 test cases.
</p>The first line of each test case contains an integer N. N is the number of courses (0 &lt; N &lt;= 300)
Then N lines follows. Each line contains two integers A<sub>i</sub><p> and B</p><sub>i</sub><p> (0 &lt;= A </p><sub>i</sub><p> &lt; B</p><sub>i</sub><p> &lt;=1000), meaning that the i</p><sup>th</sup><p> course is available during the time interval (A</p><sub>i</sub><p>,B</p><sub>i</sub><p>).
</p>The input ends by N = 0.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case output a line containing an integer indicating the maximum number of courses that a student can select.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">2
1 10
4 5
0
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">2
</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key="></a>