<h2>Description</h2><p>Aliens on planet Pandora also write computer programs like us. Their programs only consist of capital letters (¡®A¡¯ to ¡®Z¡¯) which they learned from the Earth. On planet Pandora, hackers make computer virus, so they also have anti-virus software. Of course they learned virus scanning algorithm from the Earth. Every virus has a pattern string which consists of only capital letters. If a virus¡¯s pattern string is a substring of a program, or the pattern string is a substring of the reverse of that program, they can say the program is infected by that virus. Give you a program and a list of virus pattern strings, please write a program to figure out how many viruses the program is infected by.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>There are multiple test cases. The first line in the input is an integer T ( T &lt;= 10) indicating the number of test cases.
</p>
For each test case:

The first line is a integer n( 0 &lt; n &lt;= 250) indicating the number of virus pattern strings.

Then n lines follows, each represents a virus pattern string. Every pattern string stands for a virus. It¡¯s guaranteed that those n pattern strings are all different so there are n different viruses. The length of pattern string is no more than 1,000 and a pattern string at least consists of one letter.

The last line of a test case is the program. The program may be described in a compressed format. A compressed program consists of capital letters and ¡°compressors¡±. A ¡°compressor¡± is in the following format:

[qx]

q is a number( 0 &lt; q &lt;= 5,000,000)and x is a capital letter. It means q consecutive letter xs in the original uncompressed program. For example, [6K] means ¡®KKKKKK¡¯ in the original program. So, if a compressed program is like:

AB[2D]E[7K]G

It actually is ABDDEKKKKKKKG after decompressed to original format.
The length of the program is at least 1 and at most 5,100,000, no matter in the compressed format or after it is decompressed to original format.<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, print an integer K in a line meaning that the program is infected by K viruses.</p><pre><code class="language-input1">3
2
AB
DCB
DACB
3
ABC
CDE
GHI
ABCCDEFIHG
4
ABB
ACDEE
BBB
FEEE
A[2B]CD[4E]F
</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">0
3
2
</code></pre><h2>Hint</h2><p>In the second case in the sample input, the reverse of the program is ¡®GHIFEDCCBA¡¯, and ¡®GHI¡¯ is a substring of the reverse, so the program is infected by virus ¡®GHI¡¯.</p><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key="></a>