<h2>Description</h2><p>Number guessing is a popular game between elementary-school kids. Teachers encourage pupils to play the game as it enhances their arithmetic skills, logical thinking, and following-up simple procedures. We think that, most probably, you too will master in few minutes. Here¡¯s one example of how you too can play this game: Ask a friend to think of a number, let¡¯s call it n</p><sub>0</sub><p>. Then:
</p><ol>
<br><li>Ask your friend to compute n<sub>1</sub> = 3 * n<sub>0</sub> and to tell you if n<sub>1</sub> is even or odd.</li>
<br><li>If n<sub>1</sub> is even, ask your friend to compute n<sub>2</sub> = n<sub>1</sub>/2. If, otherwise, n<sub>1</sub> was odd then let your friend compute n<sub>2</sub> = (n<sub>1</sub> + 1)/2.</li>
<br><li>Now ask your friend to calculate n<sub>3</sub> = 3 * n<sub>2</sub>.</li>
<br><li>Ask your friend to tell tell you the result of n<sub>4</sub> = n<sub>3</sub>/9. (n<sub>4</sub> is the quotient of the division operation. In computer lingo, ¡¯/¡¯ is the integer-division operator.)</li>
<br><li>Now you can simply reveal the original number by calculating n<sub>0</sub> = 2 * n<sub>4</sub> if n<sub>1</sub> was even, or n<sub>0</sub> = 2 * n<sub>4</sub> + 1 otherwise.</li>
<br></ol><p>
</p>Here¡¯s an example that you can follow: If n<sub>0</sub><p> = 37, then n</p><sub>1</sub><p> = 111 which is odd. Now we can calculate n</p><sub>2</sub><p> = 56, n</p><sub>3</sub><p> = 168, and n</p><sub>4</sub><p> = 18, which is what your friend will tell you. Doing the calculation 2 * n</p><sub>4</sub><p> + 1 = 37 reveals n</p><sub>0</sub><p>.</p><h2>Input</h2><p>Your program will be tested on one or more test cases. Each test case is made of a single positive number (0 &lt; n</p><sub>0</sub><p> &lt; 1,000,000).
</p>The last line of the input file has a single zero (which is not part of the test cases.)<h2>Output</h2><p>For each test case, print the following line:
</p>k. B Q
Where k is the test case number (starting at one,) B is either ¡¯even¡¯ or ¡¯odd¡¯ (without the quotes) depending on your friend¡¯s answer in step 1. Q is your friend¡¯s answer to step 4.<pre><code class="language-input1">37
38
0</code></pre><pre><code class="language-output1">1. odd 18
2. even 19</code></pre><h2>Source</h2><a href="searchproblem?field=source&amp;key=anarc+2009">anarc 2009</a>