## Description

**Source Problem: [POI XXVII - I etap](https://sio2.mimuw.edu.pl/c/oi27-1/dashboard/) ([Pisarze](https://szkopul.edu.pl/problemset/problem/v2Y2_UW56ENMcbwP22tkTb7a/site/))**

Bytie encountered a text excerpt that certainly comes from one of the following three masterpieces of Polish literature:
- “Pan Tadeusz” by Adam Mickiewicz,
- “Quo Vadis” by Henryk Sienkiewicz,
- “The Doll” by Bolesław Prus.

The issue is that he is not so certain which one it is. Help him out by writing a program that will determine the book the excerpt comes from.



## Input Format

In the first input line, there is an integer $T$ specifying the number of test cases. Each of the following $T$ lines contains an excerpt from one of the three aforementioned books. The excerpt is stripped of Polish diacritics, contains between $10$ and $2000$ words, and both begins and ends with a complete word (or punctuation mark).

The total length of all the excerpts given on input will not exceed two million characters.

## Output Format

Exactly $T$ lines should be printed to the standard output, the $i$-th of which should contain a single word `Mickiewicz`, `Prus`, or `Sienkiewicz`, corresponding to the author of the $i$-th input excerpt.

```input1
3
Petroniusz obudzil sie zaledwie kolo...
Litwo! Ojczyzno moja! ty jestes jak...
W poczatkach roku 1878, kiedy swiat...
```

```output1
Sienkiewicz
Mickiewicz
Prus
```

## Grading

**Attention**: This is a **data analysis** task. There may be no ideal solution that correctly recognizes all excerpts.

The grading will be as follows:
- Let $T$ be the number of excerpts on input.
- Let $P$ be the number of correct answers given by contestant’s program.
- If $P \geq 0.9 \cdot T$, the contestant is awarded $100\%$ of the points for the test.
- If $P \leq \frac T3$ , the contestant is awarded $0\%$ of the points for the test.
- Otherwise, the contestant is awarded $100\cdot\frac{P-\frac T3}{0.9\cdot T-\frac T3}$ of the points for the test.
All excerpts come from the files supplied with the task statement. Moreover, a program `pistestgen.py` is also supplied, which allows generating a random test with the command `python3 pistestgen.py subtask name directory [seed]`, where:
  - `subtask` is the number of the test subset (an integer between 1 and 4),
  - `name` is the name of the test (the program will create files nazwa.in and nazwa.out),
  - `directory` is the path to the directory which containing the (texts of the) works,
  - `seed` is an optional parameter (a string of characters) which uniquely determines the output test, thus allowing generating the same test repeatedly.

This very program has been used to generate (all) test cases on which the contestants’ solutions will be evaluated.

## Grading and Constraints

| Subtask # | Additional Constraints | Score  |
|:---------:|:-----------------------------------:|:---:|
| $1$         | $T \le 100$, the excerpts contain between $500$ and $2000$ words | $20$  |
| $2$         | $T \le 1000$, the excerpts consist of full sentences            | $20$  |
| $3$         | $T \le 1000$, the excerpts contain between $30$ and $80$ words   | $30 $ |
| $4$         | $T \le 1000$                        | $30$  |

