## Description

It is rarely mentioned that Euclid¡¯s grandma was from Vrsi in Croatia. It is from there that Euclid¡¯s less known (but equally talented in his youth) cousin Edicul comes from.

It happened one day that they were playing ¡°invent an algorithm¡±. Edicul writes two positive integers on the sand. Then he does the following: while neither number on the sand is $1$, he marks them as $(a, b)$ so that $a \geq b$. Then the numbers are erased and he writes $( \left \lfloor \dfrac{a}{b} \right \rfloor, b)$ on the sand, and repeats the process. When one of the two numbers becomes $1$, the other is the results of his algorithm.

Formally, if $a$ and $b$ are positive integers, the result $R(a, b)$ of Edicul¡¯s algorithm is:

$$
R(a,b)=
\begin{cases}
R(b,a) & \text{ if } a < b \\ 
R \!\left( \left\lfloor \dfrac{a}{b} \right\rfloor\! , b \right) & \text{ if } a \geq b > 1 \\ 
a & \text{ if } a \geq b = 1
\end{cases}
$$

Euclid thinks for a while, and says: ¡°Edicul, I have a better idea...¡±, and the rest is history. Unfortunately, Edicul never became famous for his idea in number theory.

This sad story inspires the following problem: Given positive integers $g$ and $h$, find positive integers $a$ and $b$ such that **their greatest common divisor** is $g$, and **the result of Edicul¡¯s algorithm** $R(a, b)$ is $h$.

## Input Format

The first line contains a single integer $t$($1 \leq t \leq 40$) ¨C the number of independent test cases.

Each of the following $t$ lines contains two positive integers $g_i$ and $h_i$ ($h_i \geq 2$).

## Output Format

Output $t$ lines in total. For the $i$-th testcase, output positive integers $a_i$ and $b_i$ such that $\gcd(a_i, b_i) =g_i$ and $R(a_i, b_i) =h_i$.

The numbers in the output must not be larger than $10^{18}$. It can be proven that for the given constraints, a solution always exists.

If there are multiple solutions for some testcase, output any of them.

```input1
1
1 4
```

```output1
99 23
```

```input2
2
3 2
5 5
```

```output2
9 39
5 5
```

## Scoring

In all subtasks, $1 \leq g_i \leq 2 \times 10^5$£¬$2 \leq h_i \leq 2 \times 10^5$.

| Subtask | Constraints              | Point |
| ---------- | ----------------------------- | ---- |
| $1$        | $g_i=h_i$                    | $4$  |
| $2$        | $h_i=2$                       | $7$  |
| $3$        | $g_i=h_i^2$                  | $7$  |
| $4$        | $g_i,h_i \leq 20$            | $14$ |
| $5$        | $g_i,h_i \leq 2 \times 10^3$ | $36$ |
| $6$        | No additional constraints.   | $32$ |

