<p>Ants are known to move in groups and in perfect order. However, in our problem the ants can move only in directions Left(L), Right(R), Up(U), Down(D). The place is a rectangular grid. There lives 2 types of ants : Type A and Type B. Each ant type has its own queen ant which defines the 2 directions at which their type of ants can reproduce ants.</p>
<p>A starting cell is given where one ant of each type is standing (A and B). When the process begins, each type of ant produces 4 ants, 2 ants of their type in the 2 directions (1 ant per direction) specified by their queen ant and 2 ants of the other type in the remaining 2 directions. So if queen ant of type A says LR and queen ant of type B says UD then A ant produces new type A ants at left cell and right cell and new type B ants at up cell and down cell of the original cell. Similarly, type B ant produces 2 new type A ants in left and right cell and 2 new type B ants in up cell and down cell. The ants produced again reproduce more ants at their adjacent cells according to the same directions given by the their queen ant.</p>
<p>Reproducing ants at adjacent cells take 1 time unit. You need to find the sum of the minimum time in which type A ant reaches the endpoint and the minimum time in which type B ant reaches the endpoint. If any type of ant cannot reach endpoint, the answer is -1.</p>
<h3>Constraints</h3>
<p>T &lt;= 10<br> 0 &lt; M &lt;= 500<br> 0 &lt; N &lt;= 500<br> 0 &lt;= SX, EX &lt; M<br> 0 &lt;= SY, EY &lt; N</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>T denotes the number of testcases.<br> Each testcase consists of 4 lines.<br> First line gives M , N which is the size of grid <br> Second line gives starting cell cordinates. SX , SY <br> Third line gives endpoint cell cordinates&nbsp; EX , EY<br> Fourth line gives a permutation of LRUD denoting the directions provided by queen ant to move. The first two characters of the string gives the directions of queen ant type A and last two characters gives direction of queen ant type B.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>Print T lines each giving the minimum time in which ant of both types can reach the ending cell for each testcase ie. Find&nbsp; sum of (minimum time at which A type ant reaches endpoint + minimum time at which B type ant reaches endpoint)</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>3<br>5 5<br>1 1 <br>3 4<br>LRUD<br>2 4<br>0 2<br>0 3<br>RULD<br>2 4<br>0 2<br>1 1 <br>URDL<br><strong><br>Output:</strong><br>10<br>-1<br>6<br><br><strong></strong><p><strong>Explanation:<br><br></strong>TestCase 1 : Minimum time at which A type ant reaches end point = 5 <br>Minimum time at which B type ant reaches endpoint = 5<br>TestCase 2 : B cannot reach endpoint. Hence answer is -1.<br>TestCase 3 : Minimum time at which A type ant reaches end point = 4<br>Minimum time at which B type ant reaches endpoint = 2</p></pre>