<pre><code><br>The cows are so modest they want Farmer John to install covers<br>around the circular corral where they occasionally gather. The<br>corral has circumference C (1 &lt;= C &lt;= 1,000,000,000), and FJ can<br>choose from a set of M (1 &lt;= M &lt;= 100,000) covers that have fixed<br>starting points and sizes. At least one set of covers can surround<br>the entire corral.<br><br>Cover i can be installed at integer location x_i (distance from<br>starting point around corral) (0 &lt;= x_i &lt; C) and has integer length<br>l_i (1 &lt;= l_i &lt;= C).<br><br>FJ wants to minimize the number of segments he must install. What<br>is the minimum number of segments required to cover the entire<br>circumference of the corral?<br><br>Consider a corral of circumference 5, shown below as a pair of<br>connected line segments where both '0's are the same point on the<br>corral (as are both 1's, 2's, and 3's).<br><br>Three potential covering segments are available for installation:<br><br>           Start   Length<br>      i     x_i     l_i<br>      1      0       1 <br>      2      1       2 <br>      3      3       3 <br><br>        0   1   2   3   4   0   1   2   3  ... <br>corral: +---+---+---+---+--:+---+---+---+- ...<br>        11111               1111<br>            22222222            22222222<br>                    333333333333<br>            |..................|<br><br>As shown, installing segments 2 and 3 cover an extent of (at least)<br>five units around the circumference. FJ has no trouble with the<br>overlap, so don't worry about that.<br><br>PROBLEM NAME: corral<br><br>INPUT FORMAT:<br><br>* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: C and M<br><br>* Lines 2..M+1: Line i+1 contains two space-separated integers: x_i<br>        and l_i<br><br>SAMPLE INPUT<br><br>5 3<br>0 1<br>1 2<br>3 3<br><br>OUTPUT FORMAT:<br><br>* Line 1: A single integer that is the minimum number of segments<br>        required to cover all segments of the circumference of the<br>        corral<br><br>SAMPLE OUTPUT<br><br>2<br><br></code></pre>