<p align="justify">Recents archaeological discoveries of researchers from the University of Alberta in Canada showed that a strange  sequence of numbers were found on the walls of the pyramids of Egypt, the ruins of Macchu Picchu and the stones  of Stonehenge. Intrigued by the apparent coincidence researchers triggered the Department of Mathematics to  decipher what were special about that sequence or numbers.<br><br> The discovery was startling. All numbers were generated by matrices of Dinostratus. Dinostratus was a famous Greek mathematician who lived from 390 to 320 BC and worked in major geometry problems like squaring the circle. Dinostratus studied matrices M of size 3 x 3 formed by nine distinct integers with the property that for  every position (i, j), i = 1 ,..., 3, j = 1 ,..., 3 of matrix, the element m<sub>i,j</sub> is a multiple of  its neighbors m<sub>i-1,j</sub>, m<sub>i-1,j-1</sub> and m<sub>i,j-1</sub> (if they exist). In his honor, we say that n is a <strong>Dinostratus number</strong> if exist a matrix M with the property above such that m<sub>3,3</sub> = n.<br><br> See an example with n = 36.</p>
<pre>1   2   4<br>3   6   12<br>9   18  36<br></pre>
<p>The relationship between the Dinostratus numbers, the pyramids of Egypt, Stonehenge and the stones of the ruins  of Machu Picchu still remains a great mystery. But researchers in Alberta are willing to study these magic numbers. Your task  is to make a program that receives an integer n and checks whether this is a Dinostratus number.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input consists of several instances. Each instance is given by a line containing an integer n (1 &lt;= n &lt;= 1048576). The input ends with end of file.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each instance, you must print an identifier Instance k, where k is the number of the current instance.  On the next line print <em>yes</em> if n is a Dinostratus number otherwise print <em>no</em>.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>36<br>37<br>38<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>Instance 1<br>yes<br><br>Instance 2<br>no<br><br>Instance 3<br>no<br></pre>
<p>&nbsp;</p>