<p>The evil emperor Cactus has in his possession the Magic Keg and has flooded the Enchanted <br>Forest! The Painter and the three little hedgehogs now have to return to the Beaver's den where they &nbsp;<br>will be safe from the water as quickly as possible! &nbsp;<br>The map of the Enchanted Forest consists of R rows and C columns. Empty fields are represented <br>by '.' characters, flooded fields by '*' and rocks by 'X'. Additionally, the Beaver's den is represented <br>by 'D' and the Painter and the three little hedgehogs are shown as 'S'. &nbsp;<br>Every minute the Painter and the three little hedgehogs can move to 4 neighbouring fields (up, &nbsp;<br>down, left or right). Every minute the flood expands as well so that all empty fields that have at least &nbsp;<br>one common side with a flooded field become flooded as well. Neither water nor the Painter and <br>the three little hedgehogs can pass through rocks. Naturally, the Painter and the three little &nbsp;<br>hedgehogs cannot pass through flooded fields, and water cannot flood the Beaver's den. <br>Write a program that will, given a map of the Enchanted Forest, output the shortest time needed &nbsp;<br>for the Painter and the three little hedgehogs to safely reach the Beaver's den. <br>Note:&nbsp; The Painter and the three little hedgehogs cannot move into a field that is about to be &nbsp;<br>flooded (in the same minute).</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line of input will contain two integers, R and C, smaller than or equal to 50. &nbsp;<br>The following R lines will each contain C characters ('.', '*', 'X', 'D' or 'S'). The map will contain &nbsp;<br>exactly one 'D' character and exactly one 'S' character</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>Output the&nbsp; shortest possible time needed for the Painter and the three little hedgehogs to safely &nbsp;<br>reach the Beaver's den. If this is impossible output the word ¡°KAKTUS¡± on a line by itself.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
3 6<br>D...*.<br>.X.X..<br>....S.<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>6</pre>