<p>Envido is an important part of the typical argentinian game Truco. It is even more important<br>when Falta Envido is called, because in this case the winner of the Envido wins the entire game.<br>In this problem you are asked to calculate the envido advantage of a cheater.<br>Truco is played with a limited deck of spanish cards. This deck contains four suits: espada,<br>basto, copa and oro. There are 10 cards of each suit: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 and 12. Cards<br>10, 11 and 12 have an envido value of 0, while the envido value for any of the other cards is<br>simply its number. Each player holds three cards. The winner of an Envido is the player with<br>the higher envido score. When calculating his envido score each player can either:<br>1. select a single card and have as envido score the envido value of the card; or<br>2. select two cards of the same suit and have as envido score 20 plus the sum of the envido<br>value of each selected card.<br>Players always select the card or cards that yield the highest envido score. For instance, a<br>player having a 10 and a 2 of the same suit, together with a 5 of a different suit, would inform<br>an envido score of 22 because 20 + 0 + 2 = 22.<br>A cheater playing Truco thinks that he can change one of his three cards without anybody else<br>in the table noticing. If he changes more than one card, he surely will be discovered, so he does<br>not do that. Since even changing one card is risky, he only does it when the envido score of the<br>resulting hand is much higher than the one of his original hand.<br>Given the cards the cheater has in hand, you must calculate the maximum increase he can get<br>in the envido score by exchanging one of his cards with a card from the deck. Notice that the<br>resulting hand must be formed by two of his original cards and one new card selected from the<br>deck, and that he cannot have two equal cards (same number and suit).</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains<br> six values N1 , S1 , N2 , S2 , N3 , and S3 separated by single spaces. Each pair (Ni , Si ) describes<br> a card in the hand of the cheater (1 ≤ i ≤ 3), where Ni is the number of the card (1, 2, 3, 4,<br> 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 or 12), and Si is its suit (espada, basto, copa or oro). You may assume that the<br> three cards are different. The last line of the input contains three times the number −1 and an<br> asterisk, with the six values separated by single spaces, and should not be processed as a test<br> case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with an integer representing the maximum increase in<br>the envido score that can be obtained by replacing exactly one card of the input hand.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>12 espada 10 basto 11 basto<br>7 espada 1 oro 2 oro<br>7 espada 1 oro 6 espada<br>-1 * -1 * -1 *<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
7<br>10<br>0</pre>