<p>Farmer John wants to take a picture of his entire herd of N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 100,000) cows conveniently numbered 1..N so he can show off to his friends. <br><br>On picture day, the cows run to form a single line in some arbitrary order with position i containing cow c_i (1 &lt;= c_i &lt;= N). Farmer John has his own ideas about how the cows should line up. <br><br>FJ thinks cow i may stand only to the left of cow i+1 (for all i, 1 &lt;= i &lt;= N-1) and that cow N may only stand to the left of Cow 1.&nbsp; Of course, no cow will stand to the left of the first (leftmost) cow in the line.<br><br>The cows are hungry for the promised post-photo dinner, so Farmer John wants to take the picture as quickly as possible. Cows are not great at following directions, so he will only choose a pair of adjacent cows and have them switch places once per minute. How quickly is Farmer John able to get them into some acceptable order? <br><br><br>Consider a set of 5 cows whose initial lineup looks like this:<br><br><span style="font-family: courier new,courier;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Left&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Right<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3&nbsp; 5&nbsp; 4&nbsp; 2&nbsp; 1<br></span><br>He can first swap the second pair of cows:<br><br><span style="font-family: courier new,courier;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3&nbsp; 4&nbsp; 5&nbsp; 2 1<br></span><br>and then swap the rightmost pair:<br><span style="font-family: courier new,courier;"><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 3&nbsp; 4&nbsp; 5&nbsp; 1&nbsp; 2<br></span><br>to yield an acceptable lineup that required but two minutes of cow swapping.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Line 1: A single integer: N<br>Lines 2..N+1: Line i+1 contains the number of the i-th cow in line: c_i</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>Line 1: The minimum amount of time, in minutes, that it takes Farmer John to get the cows into some appropriate order.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>5<br>3<br>5<br>4<br>2<br>1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>2<br></pre>