<p>A company provides service for its partners that are located in different towns. The company  has three mobile service staff employees. If a request occurs at some location, an employee of  the  service  staff  must  move  from  his  current  location  to  the  location  of  the  request  (if  no  employee  is  there)  in  order  to  satisfy  the  request.  Only  one  employee  can  move  at  any  moment.  They  can  move  only  on  request  and  are  not  allowed  to  be  at  the  same  location.  Moving  an  employee  from  location  p  to  location  q  incurs  a  given  cost  <strong>C(p,q)</strong>.  The  cost  function  is  not  necessarily  symmetric,  but  the  cost  of  not  moving  is  0,  i.e.  <strong>C(p,p)=0</strong>.  The  company must satisfy the received requests in a strict first-come, first-serve basis. The goal is  to minimize the total cost of serving a given sequence of requests.</p>
<p><strong>Task</strong></p>
<p>You are to write a program that decides which employee of the service staff is to move for  each request such that the total cost of serving the given sequence of requests is as small as  possible.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line contains two integers, L and N. L (3 &lt;= L &lt;= 300) is the number of locations and N (1 &lt;= N &lt;= 3000) is the number of requests. Locations are identified by the integers from 1 to L. Each of the next L lines contains L non-negative integers. The jth number in the line i+1 is the cost C(i,j), and it is less than 2001.</p>
<p>The last line contains N integers, the list of the requests. A request is identified by the identifier of the location where the request occurs. Initially, the three service staff employees are located at location 1, 2 and 3, respectively.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>The first line contains one integer, M, the minimal total cost of serving the input sequence of the requests. The second line contains exactly N integers. The ith number is the identifier of the service staff employee (1, 2 or 3) who will serve the ith request. If there are multiple possibilities, your program should output one sequence only; it does not matter which one.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>5 9<br>0 1 1 1 1<br>1 0 2 3 2<br>1 1 0 4 1<br>2 1 5 0 1<br>4 2 3 4 0<br>4 2 4 1 5 4 3 2 1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>5<br>1 2 1 2 2 1 3 1 3<br></pre>