<p>A soccer field is divided into squared plots, like a grid of N rows and M columns. The length of a plot<br>side is equal to 1. Fernando likes to practice running only through the boundaries of the plots, he<br>does not like to go inside the plots.<br>Some of the plots are muddy, and some others have been selected by Fernando as target plots. A<br>plot may neither be muddy nor a target one.<br>Starting at the top left corner, he would like to go through the field and return back to the starting<br>point. All plots that lie inside the cycle of his path are considered to be inspected. To make things<br>more interesting he would like his path not to intersect with itself in any point different than the<br>starting point. Luckily, the plots boundaries are so wide that Fernando can go along the same<br>boundary multiple times without intersecting his own path.<br>Fernando would like to inspect all target plots, but not any muddy plots. Martin, who plays in the<br>opposing team, challenged Fernando that he could do a shortest path starting from the lower right<br>corner. Can you help Fernando to get his shortest path, and decide weather it is shorter than the one</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Input consist of many test cases.<br>First line of input starts with two integers R and C (1&lt;=R,C&lt;=50), which defines the rows and<br>columns the soccer field has been divided into.<br>Next, the soccer field is described in R rows, each containing C characters. Chars I, X, and O,<br>represents target plots (to inspect), muddy plots, and common plots respectively. The quantity of<br>target plots plus the quantity of muddy plots will not exceed 10.<br>There will be not spaces between the C characters of each line describing the soccer field.<br>End of the input is indicated by a line containing two zeros, and should not be processed.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>The output of each test case should be a separate line consisting of the name of the player who has<br>the shortest path to inspect the target plots but not the muddy plots, or the word ¡°Tie¡± in case of a tie,<br>followed by a number representing the length of the shortest path for that player. The examples may<br>clarify the format.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
1 1 <br>I <br>2 2 <br>XX <br>XI <br>2 2 <br>XI <br>IX <br>3 3 <br>III <br>IXI <br>III <br>2 2 <br>IO <br>OO <br>0 0

<strong>Output:</strong>
Tie 4<br>Martin 4<br>Tie 10<br>Tie 18<br>Fernando 4
</pre>