<p>A shop-keeper is trying to figure out how to arrange gifts in his shop for Christmas. He runs a peculiar shop such that each customer buys exactly two gifts at the shop (he could buy two of the same gifts too). He knows the probability that a customer might want gift i, is P_i. <br><br>He needs to arrange the gifts across several floors. Each floor should have exactly one gift. It takes A*(|x - y|)^2 + B*(|x - y|) + C seconds to go from floor x to floor y.<br><br>Can you help him arrange the gifts across floors such that, the expected time spent by a shopper is minimized?<br><br>For the purpose of this problem assume that the first gift choice and the second gift choice are independent of each other. i.e., Choosing a first gift as i does not change his probability of choosing the second gift as j. It still remains P_j.<br><br><strong>INPUT</strong><br>The first line contains the number of test cases T. 2*T lines follow, 2 per test case. The first line contains 4 integers : N, A, B, C. The second line contains N integers in the range 1 to 100. The ith integer represents the percentage probability P_i. All P_i's will sum to 100.<br><br><strong>OUTPUT</strong><br>Output T lines one for each test case. Each line contains the minimum expected travelling time for the corresponding test case. Output the answer as a reduced fraction as below.<br><br><strong>CONSTRAINTS</strong><br>1 &lt;= T &lt;= 100<br>1 &lt;= N &lt;= 20<br>0 &lt;= A,B,C &lt;= 10<br><br><strong>SAMPLE INPUT</strong><br>4<br>3 0 1 0<br>60 10 30<br>1 1 1 0<br>100<br>1 1 1 3<br>100<br>4 3 7 2<br>25 25 25 25<br><br><strong>SAMPLE OUTPUT</strong><br>3/5<br>0/1<br>3/1<br>73/4</p>