<p>A simple polygon is a polygon that does not overlap with itself. A diagonal of a simple polygon<br>is a segment within the polygon that connects two non-consecutive vertices. A triangulation<br>of a simple polygon of N edges is the drawing of exactly N − 3 diagonals that do not touch<br>each other anywhere, with the possible exception of their endpoints. A triangulation divides<br>the polygon in exactly N − 2 triangles that do not overlap and only touch each other along<br>their edges.</p>
<p>In this problem, you are given the triangulation of a simple polygon, which means, the set of<br>triangles in which a polygon was divided. From them, you need to reconstruct the original<br>polygon.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each<br>test case contains an integer N (3 ≤ N ≤ 500), the number of edges of the original polygon.<br>Each of the next N − 2 lines describes one triangle in the triangulation of the polygon. Each<br>triangle is given by six integers X1 , Y1 , X2 , Y2 , X3 and Y3 separated by single spaces, where Xi<br>and Yi are the coordinates in the XY plane of the i-th vertex of the triangle (−1000 ≤ Xi , Yi ≤<br>1000). The triangles and their vertices are not given in any specific order. The last line of the<br>input contains a single −1 and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with 2N integers separated by single spaces. These<br>integers must represent the coordinates in the XY plane of the vertices of the original polygon,<br>in clockwise order. To make the output unique, the first vertex to be listed is the one with the<br>smallest X coordinate, and if there are many of those, the one with the smallest Y coordinate<br>among them.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>5<br>0 0 10 9 10 0<br>10 9 0 9 0 0<br>10 9 0 9 5 13<br>3<br>0 1 1 1 1 0<br>10<br>-1 -2 2 -2 2 -1<br>-1 -2 0 -1 -2 3<br>-2 3 2 3 1 2<br>0 -1 2 1 1 2<br>-1 -2 2 -1 0 -1<br>2 1 0 -1 2 0<br>2 3 2 2 1 2<br>0 -1 -2 3 1 2<br>-1<br><strong>Output:</strong><br>0 0 0 9 5 13 10 9 10 0<br>0 1 1 1 1 0<br>-2 3 2 3 2 2 1 2 2 1 2 0 0 -1 2 -1 2 -2 -1 -2</pre>