<p>The "I-Love-Kd-trees'' annual con is receiving too many applicants so they decided to complicate a bit the task used to select participants. (They realized some people were using other data structures to solve their problems, so they designed this problem, almost only solvable with Kd-trees).<br><br>You are given a list of <strong>N</strong> numbers and <strong>Q</strong> queries.<br><br>Each query can be of two types. <br><br><strong>Type-0</strong> queries (marked with 0 in the input), consist of three integers: <strong>i,</strong> <strong>l</strong> and <strong>k</strong> ; let <strong>d</strong> be the <strong>k-th</strong> smallest element until the index <strong>i</strong> (i.e. if the first i +1 elements were sorted in non-descending way, <strong>d</strong> would be the element at index k - 1 ). Then, the answer to each query is the index of the <strong>l-th</strong> occurrence of <strong>d</strong> in the array. If there's no such index, the answer is -1. <br><br><strong>Type-1</strong> queries (marked with 1 in the input) are&nbsp; contiguous-swap update-queries, and consists of a single integer <strong>i</strong>. When a type-1 query is executed the elements at index i and i +1 in the list must be swapped.<br><br>You have to consider that all indexes are counted starting with 0.</p>
<h3><span style="font-size: small;"><strong>Input</strong></span></h3>
<p>Input consists of one test case.</p>
<p>The first line contains two integers, <strong>N</strong> ( 1 ¡Ü&nbsp; N&nbsp; ¡Ü&nbsp; 10<sup>6</sup>) and <strong>Q</strong> (1 ¡Ü Q&nbsp; ¡Ü 10<sup>5</sup>).<br><br>The next line contains N possible distinct integers <strong>a<sub>i</sub></strong> ( -10<sup>9</sup>&nbsp; ¡Ü ai ¡Ü 10<sup>9</sup>).<br><br>Then <strong> Q</strong> lines follow. Each of them starts with an integer which can be 0 or  1, denoting the type of the query. If it¡¯s 0, then three integers <strong>i</strong>, <strong>l</strong> and <strong>k</strong> follow (0 ¡Ü i &lt; N, 1 ¡Ü k&nbsp; ¡Ü&nbsp; i+1, 1 ¡Ü l ¡Ü N).</p>
<p>If it¡¯s 1, then an  integer <strong>i</strong> follows, meaning that you have to swap the elements at indexes  i and i+1 (0 ¡Ü i ¡Ü&nbsp; N-1).</p>
<h3><span style="font-size: small;">Output</span></h3>
<p>For each query of type-0 (in the same order as the input) output a single line with the answer to that query.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
10 6<br>2 3 1 1 2 7 9 1 2 6<br>0 2 3 2<br>1 1 <br>1 2 <br>0 2 3 2 <br>1 0 <br>0 0 2 1<br><strong>Output:</strong>
8<br>7<br>2</pre>