<p>Charly and Nito are friends and they like to be together at a nice bar in Palermo Hollywood.<br>About at 3 a.m. they start to feel sleepy and want to go home. They want to get home quickly<br>so each of them uses a path that minimizes the distance to his home. However, Charly and<br>Nito also like to walk together while they talk about the “good old times”, so they want to<br>walk together as much as possible.<br>Charly and Nito live in a city that can be modeled as a set of streets and junctions. Each<br>street connects a pair of distinct junctions and can be walked in both directions. No two streets<br>connect the same pair of junctions. Charly and Nito do not live together, and they do not live<br>at the bar. There is at least one path from the bar to Charly’s home; the same occurs with<br>Nito’s home.<br>Given information about the streets and junctions in the city, the locations of the bar, Charly’s<br>home and Nito’s home, you must tell Charly and Nito the maximum distance that they can<br>walk together without forcing them to walk more than the minimum distance from the bar to<br>their respective homes. Charly and Nito also want to know how much each of them will walk<br>alone.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of<br>each test case contains five integers J, B, C, N and S separated by single spaces. The value<br>J is the number of junctions in the city (3 ≤ J ≤ 5000); each junction is identified by an<br>integer number between 1 and J. The values B, C and N are the identifiers of the junctions<br>where the bar, Charly’s home and Nito’s home are located, respectively (1 ≤ B, C, N ≤ J);<br>these three junction identifiers are different. The value S is the number of streets in the city<br>(2 ≤ S ≤ 150000). Each of the next S lines contains the description of a street. Each street<br>is described using three integers E1 , E2 and L separated by single spaces, where E1 and E2<br>identify two distinct junctions that are endpoints of the street (1 ≤ E1 , E2 ≤ J), and L is the<br>length of the street (1 ≤ L ≤ 10<sup>4</sup> ). You may assume that each street has a different pair of<br>endpoints, and that there exist paths from junction B to junctions C and N . The last line<br>of the input contains the number −1 five times separated by single spaces and should not be<br>processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with three integers T , C and N separated by single<br>spaces, where T is the maximum distance that Charly and Nito can walk together, C is the<br>distance that Charly walks alone, and N is the distance that Nito walks alone.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>5 3 2 1 6<br>3 4 10<br>4 5 10<br>5 1 3<br>5 2 4<br>1 3 23<br>2 3 24<br>8 1 7 8 8<br>1 2 1<br>2 4 1<br>2 3 1<br>4 5 1<br>3 5 1<br>5 6 1<br>6 8 1<br>6 7 1<br>-1 -1 -1 -1 -1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br><br>20 4 3<br>4 1 1</pre>