<p>As you may know, there are currently two main sets of measurement units in the world:<br>the metric system and the imperial system. The imperial system receives its name from<br>the British empire, which was the place of its invention and its main user until recently.<br>Nowadays, Britain’s heir, the United States of America, is the only country where a<br>variation of the imperial system is the official measurement system.<br>For a particular magnitude, in a given measurement system there are N different units<br>U1 , U2 , . . . UN (the number of units depends on both the magnitude and the system). For<br>every i (1 ≤ i ≤ N − 1), a certain number of Ui is equivalent to a certain number of<br>Ui+1 . In the metric system we always have that 1Ui is equivalent to 10Ui+1 . For instance,<br>1 decimeter is equivalent to 10 centimeters, 1 gram is equivalent to 10 decigrams, and<br>1 decaliter is equivalent to 10 liters. On the contrary, in some variations of the imperial<br>system we may have other positive integers instead of 1 and 10. For instance, 32 drams<br>are equivalent to 875 grains.<br>Since you were born and raised using the much more sensible metric system, you need help<br>learning the imperial system and its variations. You want to be able to transform directly<br>from U1 to UN , that is, you need to know that a certain number of U1 is equivalent to a<br>certain number of UN . To ease further calculations, you want to express the equivalence<br>using only integers values, and these values must be as small as possible.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains an integer N<br>indicating the number of units in the measurement system (2 ≤ N ≤ 10). Line i of the<br>next N − 1 lines describes the relationship between units Ui and Ui+1 with two integers<br>Ai and Bi representing that Ai Ui is equivalent to Bi Ui+1 (1 ≤ Ai &lt; Bi ≤ 100). The end<br>of input is indicated with a line containing a single −1.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line with two positive integers C and D representing<br>that CU1 is equivalent to DUN . If there are several alternatives, choose the minimum<br>possible value for C.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>5<br>1 2<br>2 3<br>3 4<br>2 5<br>2<br>6 9<br>-1
<br><strong>Output:</strong> <br>1 10<br>2 3</pre>