<p>The Nlogonia Kingdom needs a new king. Differently from other monarchy kingdoms,<br>where the king¡¯s choice is hierarchical, at Nlogonia any citizen can apply for the post and the<br>whole population can vote on those who applied. However, with these conditions, a big<br>problem arises: every citizen would probably apply and vote for itself.<br>In order to solve this problem the Nlogonia council decided to split the voting process<br>in two phases. In the first phase, known as constraint phase, every citizen must write two<br>constraints about another two candidates. A constraint can be of one of the following two<br>types: a reliability constraint, which means that the citizen trusts another citizen and wishes<br>that it takes place in the second phase of the voting process; an unreliability constraint, which<br>means that the citizen doesn¡¯t trust another one and wishes that he doesn¡¯t take place in the<br>second phase of the process. The council decided that at least one of the constraints of every<br>citizen must be satisfied in order to choose the group of candidates that can go forward to the<br>second phase. The citizen cannot give itself a reliability constraint.<br>The second phase of the process is a simple voting process where every citizen<br>chooses between one of the candidates that remained from the first phase.<br>Your job is to determine if it is possible to satisfy at least one of the two constraints of<br>every citizen, even if it means that no candidate remains for the second phase, in this case the<br>council decides who must be the king.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains one integer N<br>representing the number of citizen in the Nlogonia Kingdom (3 ¡Ü N ¡Ü 1000). The candidates are<br>identified by different integer from 0 to N-1. Each of the next N lines describes the two<br>constraints of a citizen, and each one starts with an uppercase letter that is either ¡®R¡¯ or ¡®U¡¯,<br>where ¡®R¡¯ indicates a reliability constraint and ¡®U¡¯ indicates a unreliability constraint, followed<br>by a integer C (0 ¡Ü C &lt; 1000) representing the candidate that the citizen gave the constraint.<br>The two constraints will be separated by single space.<br>The last test case is followed by a line containing one zero.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test, use the output uppercase ¡®Y¡¯ if it is possible to satisfy at least one<br>constraint for each citizen and ¡®N¡¯ if it is not.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
3<br>R1U0<br>U2R1<br>R2R0<br>4<br>R1U0<br>R0U1<br>R0R1<br>U0U1

<strong>Output:</strong>
Y<br>N
</pre>