<p>It is well-known that the number of occurrences of the term "free" can distinguish spam and non-spam emails. <br>Your task is to build a spam detection module, based on the number of term "free" in an email. <br>The core of this detection module is a spam classifier, which is represented by two variables: Low and High. <br>An email that contains X "free" words is classified by this module as a spam if Low ¡Ü X ¡Ü High, otherwise it is not. <br>To measure the goodness of a classifier, we introduce several information-retrieval terminologies: <br> <br>Actual        <br>Spam     Non-Spam        <br>Predicted     Spam     TP     FP        <br>Non-Spam     FN     TN      <br><br>TP (true positive) is the number of emails which are truly predicted as spam; FN (false negative) is the number of emails which are wrongly predicted as non-spam, and so on. <br>The portion of emails that are correctly identified as spam is denoted as precision (P), which is formulated as P = TP / (TP + FP). <br>The portion of spam emails that are successfully identified is denoted as recall (R), which is formulated as R = TP / (TP + FN). <br>To balance between precision and recall, we use the F-measure which is formulated as F = 2 x P x R / (P + R). <br>For example, when TP = 5, FP = 3, FN = 2, TN = 4, we have R = 5/7, P = 5/8, and F = 2/3. <br>When there is no spam, we can report all emails as non-spam with F = 1.0 (perfect classifier). <br>Our data mining team has manually analyzed several emails and labeled them as spam or non-spam. <br>Your task is to find the values of Low and High that yield the best classifier, i.e., the one that maximizes the F-measure. <br><br><strong>Input</strong> <br><br>The input consists of several test cases, where each case contains of two lines: <br><br>N : The maximum number of term ¡°free¡± in any emails (1 ¡Ü N ¡Ü 2 x106) <br>a0 A B M : parameters of random number generator. (2 ¡Ü M ¡Ü 10; 0 ¡Ü a0, A, B &lt; M) <br><br>This random number generator generates a sequence of number: <br>ai = (A * ai-1 + B) MOD M for i &gt;= 1 <br><br>Specifying: <br>posi = a2i (0 ¡Ü i ¡Ü N) : the number of spam emails with i number of term ¡°free¡±. <br><br>negi = a2i+1 (0 ¡Ü i ¡Ü N) : the number of non-spam emails with i number of term ¡°free¡±. The input is terminated by EOF. <br><br><strong>Output</strong></p>
<p>For each simulation print the F-measure of the best classifier (accurate to 6 decimal places). <br> <br><strong>Sample Input</strong> <br>3 <br>1 1 1 3 <br>5 <br>2 3 4 5</p>
<p><strong>Output for Sample Input</strong></p>
<p>0.666667 <br>0.923077      <br><br>Explanation for the 1st case: This random number generator generates a sequence of 1, 2, 0, 1, 2, ¡­ The number of spam emails is: posi = {1, 0, 2, 1}, and the number of non-spam emails is negi = {2, 1, 0, 2}. <br><br>The optimal classifier treats emails with number of term ¡°free¡± between 2 and 3 as spam, with R = 3/4 and P = 3/5, resulting F = 2/3. Another way of producing optimal classifier is to consider emails with number of term ¡°free¡± equals to 2 as spam.</p>