<p>   </p>
<table class="problems" style="width: 100%;" border="0">
<tbody>
<tr class="navigation">
<td width="50%"><a href="/problems/MKTHPATH/en/">English</a></td>
<td width="50%"><a href="/problems/MKTHPATH/vn/">Vietnamese</a></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p></p>
<pre>Isaac is tired of his daily trip to his office, using the same shortest route everyday. <br>Although this saves his time, he must see the same scenery again<br>and again. He cannot stand such a boring commutation any more. <br><br>One day, he decided to improve the situation. He would change his route <br>everyday at least slightly. His new scheme is as follows. On the first day, <br>he uses the shortest route. On the second day, he uses the second shortest<br>route, namely the shortest except one used on the first day. In general, <br>on the k-th day, the k-th shortest route is chosen. Visiting the same <br>place twice on a route should be avoided, of course.<br><br>You are invited to help Isaac, by writing a program which finds his route<br>on the k-th day. The problem is easily modeled using terms in the <br>graph theory. Your program should find the k-th shortest path in the given directed graph.<br></pre>
<h3>Input</h3>
<pre>The input consists of multiple datasets, each in the following format.<br><br>    n	m	k	a	b<br>    x1	y1	d1	<br>    x2	y2	d2<br><br>    …<br>    xm	ym	dm<br><br>Every input item in a dataset is a non-negative integer. Two or more input<br>items in a line are separated by a space.<br><br>n is the number of nodes in the graph. You can assume the inequality 2 ≤ n ≤ 50. <br>m is the number of (directed) edges. a is the start node, and b is the goal<br>node. They are between 1 and n, inclusive. You are required to find <br>the k-th shortest path from a to b. You can assume 1 ≤ k ≤ 200 and a ≠ b.<br><br>The i-th edge is from the node xi to yi with the length di (1 ≤ i ≤ m). <br>Both xi and yi are between 1 and n, inclusive. di is between 1 and 10000, <br>inclusive. You can directly go from xi to yi, but not from yi to xi <br>unless an edge from yi to xi is explicitly given. The edge connecting <br>the same pair of nodes is unique, if any, that is, if i ≠ j, it is never the <br>case that xi equals xj and yi equals yj. Edges are not connecting a node <br>to itself, that is, xi never equals yi. Thus the inequality 0 ≤ m ≤ n(n − 1) holds.<br><br>Note that the given graph may be quite unrealistic as a road network. <br>Both the cases m = 0 and m = n(n − 1) are included in the judges’ data.<br><br>The last dataset is followed by a line containing five zeros (separated by a space).<br><br>SAMPLE INPUT<br>5 20 10 1 5<br>1 2 1<br>1 3 2<br>1 4 1<br>1 5 3<br>2 1 1<br>2 3 1<br>2 4 2<br>2 5 2<br>3 1 1<br>3 2 2<br>3 4 1<br>3 5 1<br>4 1 1<br>4 2 1<br>4 3 1<br>4 5 2<br>5 1 1<br>5 2 1<br>5 3 1<br>5 4 1<br>4 6 1 1 4<br>2 4 2<br>1 3 2<br>1 2 1<br>1 4 3<br>2 3 1<br>3 4 1<br>3 3 5 1 3<br>1 2 1<br>2 3 1<br>1 3 1<br>0 0 0 0 0<br></pre>
<h3>Output</h3>
<pre> <br>For each dataset in the input, one line should be output as specified below.<br>An output line should not contain extra characters such as spaces.<br><br>If the number of distinct paths from a to b is less than k, the string "None" <br>should be printed. Note that the first letter of None is in uppercase, <br>while the other letters are in lowercase.<br><br>If the number of distinct paths from a to b is k or more, the node numbers <br>visited in the k-th shortest path should be printed in the visited order, <br>separated by a hyphen (minus sign). Note that a must be the first, <br>and b must be the last in the printed line.<br><br>In this problem the term shorter (thus shortest also) has a special meaning. <br>A path P is defined to be shorter than Q, if and only if one of the following<br>conditions holds.<br><br>   1. The length of P is less than the length of Q. The length of a path <br>is defined to be the sum of lengths of edges on the path.<br>   2. The length of P is equal to the length of Q, and P’s sequence of<br>node numbers comes earlier than Q’s in the dictionary order. Let’s specify <br>the latter condition more precisely. Denote P’s sequence <br>of node numbers by <br>p1, p2, …, ps, and Q’s by q1, q2, …, qt. p1 = q1 = a and ps = qt = b should<br>be observed. The sequence P comes earlier than Q in the dictionary order, <br>if for some r (1 ≤ r ≤ s and r ≤ t), p1 = q1, …, p(r − 1) = q(r − 1), <br>and pr &lt; qr (pr is numerically smaller than qr).<br><br>A path visiting the same node twice or more is not allowed. <br><br>SAMPLE OUTPUT<br>1-2-4-3-5<br>1-2-3-4<br>None<br></pre>
<p> </p>