<p>The practice of polygamy is said to have origanted in the Salt Lake City where gender is not an important constraint. In order to obtain a clear count of marriages, each unmarried person living in the city is assigned a unique number. Some believe that love marraiges results in happiness while the rest believe in arranged marriages.<br><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Whatsoever, its the parents who choose their heir's fiances/fiancees. Once their parents take a decision, their marriage is bound to happen in the near future. But recent studies on this city say that,<br><br>1) A marriage between two persons having a difference of belief, results in a divorce.<br><br>2) In order to avoid this from happening, some people often change their belief on the day of their marriage.&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;<br><br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But it is sad to note that, both these scenarios results in a death of one of their well-wishers. Given the information about each unmarried person in the city and their fiances/fiancees, help them so that there is minimum number of deaths.<br><br><strong>Input:</strong><br><br>The first line contains a single integer T, the number of test cases.<br><br>T test cases follow:<br><br>The first line of each test case contains two integers, N and M.<br>N : Number of unmarried persons.<br>M : Number of pairs for which their marriage has been fixed.<br><br>M lines follow:<br><br>Each of the M lines contains two integers : i &amp; j<br><br>In the following N lines,the belief of each unmarried person is listed, either "Love" or "Arranged" . ( quotes for claification ).<br><br>&nbsp;<br><strong>Output:</strong><br><br>For each test case, print a single line: "Number of Deaths"(quotes for qualification), followed by a colon(:) &amp; a space, and then a single integer containg the minimum number of deaths. Refer the sample output for clarification.<br><br><strong>Constraints:</strong><br><br>1 &lt;= T &lt;= 100<br>1 &lt;= N &lt;= 140<br>1 &lt;=M &lt;=10000<br>1 &lt;= i &lt;= N<br>1 &lt;= j &lt;= N<br><br><strong>Example:</strong><br><br><strong>Input:</strong><br><br>1<br>3 2<br>1 2<br>2 3<br>Love<br>Arranged<br>Love<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br><br>Number of Deaths: 1</p>