<p align="justify">The company "PBC" has made a game which consists of small platforms and  pipes. There are 3 types of platforms: starting platforms (there are N1 of  them), finishing platforms (there are N3 of them) and middle platforms (there  are N2 of them). All starting platforms stand at identical height. Finishing  platforms stand also at identical height. All heights of middle platforms are  various. They have less height than starting, but greater height than finishing  platforms. Each platform has an unique number from 1 up to N1+N2+N3. First N1  numbers are starting platforms, next N2 numbers are middle platforms, and the  last N3 numbers are finishing platforms. All middle platforms are numbered in  order of decrease of height. It means that if number of middle platform A is  less than number of platform B, than height of A is greater than height of B.</p>
<p align="justify">There is a ball on each of starting platforms. The ball can move from  platform A to platform B if they are connected by a pipe, and height A is  greater than height B. Each finishing platform can hold only one ball. If there  is a ball on a platform the player can choose a direction of the further way of  the ball, it means that he can choose a platform, where the ball will go. Also  given a number C for each middle platform which means a maximum quantity of  balls which can pass it during the game. The goal of the game is to drive the  greatest possible number of ball to the finishing platforms.</p>
<p align="justify">You need to find out what maximum quantity of balls can appear on finishing  platforms at the end of the game.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input file has the following order:<br>N1 N2  N3<br>C<sub>N1+1</sub><br>...<br>C<sub>N1+N2</sub><br>K1 A[1,1] ...  A[1,K1]<br>K2 A[2,1] ... A[2,K2]<br>...<br>K<sub>N1+N2</sub> A[N1+N2,1] ...  A[N1+N2,K<sub>N1+N2</sub>]<br>Where N1, N2, N3 are the amounts of starting,  middle and finishing platforms. Cj is the maximum amount of balls, which can  pass the middle platform with the number j (N1+1 &lt;= j &lt;= N1+N2) during the  game. Ki is the number of pipes, connected with the platform i (1 &lt;= i &lt;=  N1+N2). The elements of the array A, are the numbers of platforms where the ball  can move from the appropriate platform (platforms with numbers i and A[i] are  connected with a pipe).</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p align="justify">The output file must contain a number, which means the max amount of balls,  which can appear at the finishing platforms at the end of the game.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br><pre>3 4 3<br>3<br>2<br>1<br>2<br>1 4<br>1 4<br>1 4<br>2 5 6<br>1 7<br>1 7<br>3 8 9 10</pre>
<br><strong>Output:</strong> 2<br><br>
<h5>Limitations:</h5>
All the numbers are integer.<br>0&lt; N1, N3 &lt; 51<br>1  &lt; N1+N2+N3 &lt; 201<br>0 &lt;= Cj &lt;= 50<br>There are no pipes between  starting platforms.<br>There are no pipes between finishing platforms.</pre>