<p>After a failed but interesting DNA project, a lot of dinosaurs spread over the lab devouring<br>most of the staff. Jeff, a scientist that worked in the project, managed to survive by hiding in<br>the southwest corner of the lab. Now that all dinosaurs are asleep, he is going to try to leave.<br>The exit of the lab is located at the northeast corner.<br>Jeff knows that if any of the dinosaurs wakes up, he does not stand a chance, so he needs to<br>minimize the likelihood of that happening. For that, he wants to follow a path that maximizes<br>the minimum distance from him to a dinosaur along the path. The length of the path is of no<br>interest to Jeff.<br>For this problem we consider that Jeff and the dinosaurs are points on the plane, and that Jeff’s<br>path is a continuous curve conecting the southwest and northeast corners of the lab. As we<br>mentioned, Jeff wants to maximize the minimum distance between this curve and the position<br>of any dinosaur.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each<br>test case contains three integers N , W , and H separated by single spaces. The value N is the<br>number of dinosaurs in the lab (1 ≤ N ≤ 300). The values W (width) and H (height) are the<br>size of the lab on the x and y coordinates, respectively (2 ≤ W, H ≤ 10<sup><sub>6</sub></sup> ). This means that<br>the starting position of Jeff is at (0, 0), while the exit of the lab is located at (W, H). Each<br>of the next N lines contains two integers X and Y separated by a single space, representing<br>the coordinates of a different dinosaur (1 ≤ X ≤ W − 1 and 1 ≤ Y ≤ H − 1). Note that no<br>dinosaur is located on the border of the lab. You may assume that no two dinosaurs have the<br>same location. The last line of the input contains the number −1 three times separated by<br>single spaces and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with the maximum possible distance to the closest<br> dinosaur. Write the result rounded to the closest number with exactly three decimal places,<br> using the highest in case of ties, as usual.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>1 2 2<br>1 1<br>3 5 4<br>1 3<br>4 1<br>1 2<br>2 5 4<br>1 3<br>4 1<br>-1 -1 -1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
1.000<br>1.581<br>1.803</pre>