<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Vjekoslav the Wolf is running away from a bunch of blood hungry  hunters. The hunters are smart and hide behind trees. Vjekoslav knows  this, but doesn't know which trees. He would like to run to his  comfortable, civilized cottage (as opposed to the hunters quite  uncivilized den, yes I am rooting for the Wolf here) staying as far away  as possible from any trees.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: medium;">The forest can be represented as a N by M gird. Let us mark empty  meadow patches with '.', patches with a tree in the middle with '+',  Vjekoslav's current position with 'V' and the position of his cottage  with 'J'. Vjekoslav can run from his current patch to any other patch  north, east, south or west from him, even if it contains a tree.<br>If  Vjekoslav is standing in R-th row and C-th column on the grid and there  is a tree in the A-th row and B-th column then the distance between  Vjekoslav and that tree is:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: medium;">|R-A| + |C-B|</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Help Vjekoslav find the best route to his cottage. The best route is  any route that maximizes the minimal distance between Vjekoslav and all  trees at any given moment. Note that Vjekoslav's cottage doesn't occupy  the entire patch so that patch must also be included in the route.</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: medium;">Input</span></h3>
<p><span style="font-size: medium;">The first line of input contains integers N and M (1 ¡Ü N, M ¡Ü 500),  grid dimensions.<br>The next N lines contain M characters each: '.',  '+', 'V', 'J'.<br>Input will contain exactly one character 'V' and 'J'  and at least one character '+'.</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: medium;">Output</span></h3>
<p><span style="font-size: medium;">Output a single integer, the minimal distance from a tree in the  optimal route.</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: medium;">Example</span></h3>
<pre><span style="font-size: medium;"><strong>Input:</strong><br>4 4<br>+...<br>....<br>....<br>V..J<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>3</span></pre>