<p>For the first time the Skyrim Free School of Mathematics, Philosophy and Linguistics will host<br>the Regular Expressions (regex) Contest (RegExCon). The contest happens this way: participants<br>compete always against 1 opponent. One wins one loses. Only one will remain, the champion. In one<br>dispute both participants receive a list with several regular expressions and for each regex the<br>participants must calculate if several given words are recognized or not by the regex. As a member of<br>the School you are participating, and want to win.<br>So, to guarantee your victory, you have to write a program to solve the problem and let it<br>executing in your Cool Stuff Calculator Machine at home. As a mage, expert in Alteration and Illusion,<br>you can easily control your machine with your mind, so you can use your program while in the contest.<br>It's forbidden to use magic in the contest, but coincidentally the Winterhold School will host some<br>Mage Congress, so you don't need to worry, use your magic.<br>A regular expression is used to describe a language (a set of words). Consider that the alphabet<br>of all languages in this problem is {a, b}.<br>A regex R is valid if:<br>1) R is ¡°a¡± or ¡°b¡±;<br>2) R is ¡°(P.S)¡± where P and S are regular expressions;<br>3) R is ¡°(P|S)¡± where P and S are regular expressions;<br>4) R is ¡°(P*)¡± where P is a regular expression;<br>Regular expressions can be nested. There is no ternary operation with operators ¡°.¡± and ¡°|¡±,<br>neither binary operation with operator ¡°*¡±. Words always start with ¡°(¡° and finish with ¡°)¡±.<br>Set L of words recognized by R is formed following next rules:<br>1) If R is ¡°(a)¡±, L = {a};<br>2) If R is ¡°(b)¡±, L = {b};<br>3) If R is ¡°(P.S)¡±, L = all words that can be obtained from a concatenation of words p and s,<br>where p is recognized by P and s by S;<br>4) If R is ¡°(P|S)¡±, L = union of the sets of words recognized by P and S;<br>5) If R is ¡°(P*)¡±, R recognizes the concatenation of 0 or more words recognized by P.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Input file contains several test cases. First line of a test case contains a regex (defined before, between 1 and 150). Next line<br>contain an integer P (1 ¡Ü P ¡Ü 100). Each one of the next P lines contains a word formed by 'a's and 'b's (&lt;= 50)<br>that represents the following question: ¡°Is this word recognized by the given regex?¡±.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each question described before, answer ¡°Y¡± (no quotes) if the answer is ¡°yes¡± or ¡°N¡± (no quotes) if<br>the answer is ¡°not¡±. At the end of each test case print a blank line.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
(a)<br>3<br>a<br>b<br>aa<br>(a.b)<br>3<br>a<br>ab<br>b<br>(a|b)<br>4<br>a<br>b<br>ab<br>ba<br>(a*)<br>3<br>a<br>aaaaaaaaaaa<br>aaaaabaaaaa<br>((a*).(b*))<br>3<br>bbbaaa<br>aaabbb<br>bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

<strong>Output:</strong>
Y<br>N<br>N<br>N<br>Y<br>N<br>Y<br>Y<br>N<br>N<br>Y<br>Y<br>N<br>N<br>Y<br>Y
</pre>