<p>The network of your office is composed of several computers and bidirectional links. Each<br>link connects a given pair of computers and has an access value. Each user in the network<br>has an access privilege, and is able to use any link with access value not exceeding his<br>access privilege.<br>Everything was fine until suddenly you notice that a bunch of hackers are accessing the<br>network. You know that if there is a link between computers A and B, with access value<br>V , and a hacker with access privilege of at least V controls A, then he can control B.<br>Hackers wish to control the most important computers by exploiting problems in the<br>network. They are trying to increase their access privileges in order to use the links, and<br>your task is to measure how safe the network is.<br>Given the description of the network, the computer each hacker currently controls and<br>the target computer each hacker wishes to control, you need to calculate the minimum<br>access privilege each hacker needs to get in order to control his target computer.<br>Hackers act independently, neither they collaborate nor interfere with each other. This<br>means that each hacker may control each computer and use each link independently of<br>what the other hackers do.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains three integers<br>C, L and H, indicating the number of computers, links and hackers in the network,<br>respectively (2 ≤ C ≤ 3000, 1 ≤ L, H ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ); each computer is identified by an integer<br>number between 1 and C. Each of the next L lines describes a different bidirectional link<br>using three integers A, B and V ; the numbers A and B identify two distinct computers<br>that are the endpoints of the link (1 ≤ A &lt; B ≤ C); the number V is the access value<br>of the link, that is, any hacker must have an access privilege of at least V to use the<br>link (1 ≤ V ≤ 10<sup>9</sup> ). Each of the last H lines describes a different hacker using two<br>distinct integers S and T that identify the computer that the hacker currently controls<br>and the computer that the hacker wishes to control, respectively (1 ≤ S, T ≤ C). You<br>may assume that within each test case no two links connect the same pair of computers,<br>and that for any pair of computers there is at least one sequence of links that allow to<br>reach one computer starting from the other. The end of input is indicated with a line<br>containing the number −1 three times.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line with H integers representing the minimum access<br>privilege each hacker needs to achieve its goal. The result for each hacker must appear<br>in the same order that the hackers are described in the input.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>5 6 4<br>1 2 4<br>1 3 5<br>2 4 3<br>2 5 1<br>3 4 2<br>4 5 2<br>3 2<br>2 4<br>1 5<br>3 1<br>2 1 1<br>1 2 1<br>2 1<br>2 1 3<br>1 2 1000000000<br>2 1<br>2 1<br>1 2<br>-1 -1 -1
<br><strong>Output:</strong> <br>2 2 4 4<br>1<br>1000000000 1000000000 1000000000</pre>