## Description

<div><p>Pasha loves prime numbers$^{\text{∗}}$! Once again, in his attempts to find a new way to generate prime numbers, he became interested in an algorithm he found on the internet:</p><ul> <li> To obtain a new number $y$, repeat $k$ times the decimal representation of the number $x$ (without leading zeros). </li></ul><p>For example, for $x = 52$ and $k = 3$, we get $y = 525252$, and for $x = 6$ and $k = 7$, we get $y = 6666666$.</p><p>Pasha really wants the resulting number $y$ to be prime, but he doesn't yet know how to check the primality of numbers generated by this algorithm. Help Pasha and tell him whether $y$ is prime!</p><div class="statement-footnote"><p>$^{\text{∗}}$An integer $x$ is considered prime if it has <span class="tex-font-style-bf">exactly</span> $2$ distinct divisors: $1$ and $x$. For example, $13$ is prime because it has only $2$ divisors: $1$ and $13$. Note that the number $1$ is not prime, as it has only one divisor.</p></div></div><div class="input-specification"><p>Each test consists of several sets of input data. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 100$)&nbsp;— the number of sets of input data. The following lines describe the sets of input data.</p><p>The first and only line of each data set contains two integers: $x$ and $k$ ($1 \leq x \leq 10^9$, $1 \leq k \leq 7$).</p></div><div class="output-specification"><p>For each set of input data, output <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«YES»</span> (without quotes) if the resulting number $y$ will be prime, and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«NO»</span> otherwise.</p><p>You may output <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«Yes»</span> and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«No»</span> in any case (for example, the strings <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«yES»</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«yes»</span>, and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«Yes»</span> will be recognized as positive answers).</p></div>

## Input

<p>Each test consists of several sets of input data. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 100$)&nbsp;— the number of sets of input data. The following lines describe the sets of input data.</p><p>The first and only line of each data set contains two integers: $x$ and $k$ ($1 \leq x \leq 10^9$, $1 \leq k \leq 7$).</p>

## Output

<p>For each set of input data, output <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«YES»</span> (without quotes) if the resulting number $y$ will be prime, and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«NO»</span> otherwise.</p><p>You may output <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«Yes»</span> and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«No»</span> in any case (for example, the strings <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«yES»</span>, <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«yes»</span>, and <span class="tex-font-style-tt">«Yes»</span> will be recognized as positive answers).</p>





```input1|2,4
4
52 3
6 7
7 1
1 7
```




```output1
NO
NO
YES
NO
```


