## Description

Linda likes to change her hair color from time to time, and would be pleased if her boyfriend
Archie would notice the difference between the previous and the new color. Archie always
comments on Linda’s hair color if and only if he notices a difference—so Linda always knows
whether Archie has spotted the difference or not.

There is a new hair dye series in the market where all available colors are numbered by
integers from $1$ to $N$ such that a smaller difference of the numerical values also means less visual
difference.

Linda assumes that for these series there should be some *critical color difference* $C (1 \le
C \le N)$ for which Archie will notice color difference between the current color colornew and the
previous color colorprev if $|{\rm color}_{\rm new} − {\rm color}_{\rm prev}| \ge C$ and will not if $|{\rm color}_{\rm new} − {\rm color}_{\rm prev}| < C$.

Now she has bought N sets of hair dye from the new series—one for each of the colors from
$1$ to $N$, and is ready to set up an experiment. Linda will change her hair color on a regular
basis and will observe Archie’s reaction—whether he will notice the color change or not. Since
for the proper dye each set should be used completely, each hair color can be obtained no more
than once.

Before the experiment, Linda was using a dye from a different series which is not compatible
with the new one, so for the clearness of the experiment Archie’s reaction to the first used color
is meaningless.

Her aim is to find the precise value of $C$ in a limited number of dyes. Write a program which
finds the value of $C$ by experimenting with the given $N$ colors and observing Archie’s reactions
to color changes.


## Communication

This is an interactive task. At the beginning the input contains a single integer—the value
of $N (1 < N \le 10^{18})$. The value of $C$ is kept secret by the grading system.

Then your program should make queries writing output in the following format: “$\texttt{?}\ P$”,
where $P$ is an integer $(1 \le P \le N)$ denoting the next color used. For each query the grading
system gives an answer in the next line of the input. The answer is $1$ if Archie notices the color
difference between the last two colors and $0$ otherwise. No two queries should have the same $P$
value.

When your program determines $C$, it should output its value in the following format: “$\texttt{=}\ C$”
and stop the execution. The grading system will not respond to this output and will not accept
further queries.

## Notes

To establish proper communication between your program and the grading system, you
should flush the output stream after each query (As the following table shows).

|Language|Command|
|-|-|
|C++|$\texttt{std::cout << std::endl;}$|
|Java|$\texttt{System.out.flush();}$|
|Python|$\texttt{sys.stdout.flush()}$|

It is possible to receive an “Output isn’t correct” outcome even after printing a correct answer, if task constraints were violated during the communication. Violating the communication
protocol itself may result in an “Execution killed” outcome.

Submitting user tests requires specifying an input file with the testcase parameters. The
format of the input file is “$N\ C$” on a single line.

## Example

|Input|Output|Comments|
|-|-|-|
|$\texttt{7}$||$N=7$|
||$\texttt{? 2}$||
|$\texttt{1}$||Answer to the first query is meaningless (can also be $\texttt{0}$)|
||$\texttt{? 7}$||
|$\texttt{1}$||$C \le 5$|
||$\texttt{? 4}$||
|$\texttt{0}$||$3 < C \le 5^*$|
||$\texttt{? 1}$||
|$\texttt{0}$||$3 < C \le 5$|
||$\texttt{? 5}$||
|$\texttt{1}$||$3 < C \le 4$. Therefore, $C=4$.|
||$\texttt{= 4}$||

$^*$It would be wise to check difference $4$. However, this can not be done in the next query
since $4 + 4 = 8$ and $4 − 4 = 0$ both are outside the allowed interval $1 \le P \le 7$.

## Grading

Your program may use **at most 64** queries “$\texttt{?}$” to find the correct value of $C$.

Subtasks:
1. ($9$ points) $N \le 64$
2. ($13$ points) $N \le 125$
3. ($21$ points) $N \le 1000$
4. ($24$ points) $N \le 10^9$
5. ($33$ points) No further constraints

