<p>Tracy is teaching Charlie maths via a game called N-Cube, which involves three sections involving N. <br> Tracy gives Charlie a number N, and Charlie makes a list of N<sup>th</sup> powers of integers in increasing order (1<sup>N</sup>, 2<sup>N</sup>, 3<sup>N</sup>.. so on). This teaches him exponentiation. <br> Then Charlie performs the following subtraction game N times : Take all pairs of consecutive numbers in the list and take their difference. These differences then form the new list for the next iteration of the game. Eg, if N was 6, the list proceeds as [1, 64, 729, 4096 ... ] to [63, 685, 3367 ...], and so on 5 more times.<br> After the subtraction game, Charlie has to correctly tell Tracy the Nth element of the list. This number is the <em>value of the game</em>. <br> <br> After practice Charlie became an expert in the game. To challenge him more, Tracy will give two numbers <strong>M</strong> (where M is a prime) and <strong>R</strong> instead of just a single number N, and the game must start from <strong>M<sup>R</sup> - 1</strong> instead of N. Since the <em>value of the game</em> can now become large, Charlie just have to tell the largest integer K such that M<sup> K </sup> divides this number. Since even K can be large, output K modulo 1000000007 (10<sup>9</sup>+7).<br> <br> <strong>INPUT:</strong><br> First line will contain <strong>T</strong>, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow<br> Each testcase contains of a single line of input, two integers <strong>M R</strong><br> <br> <strong>OUTPUT:</strong><br> For each testcase, output in a single line answer given by Charlie to Tracy modulo 1000000007.<br> <br> <strong>CONSTRAINTS:</strong><br> 1&lt;=T&lt;=1000<br> 2&lt;=M&lt;=10<sup>9</sup><br> 1&lt;=R&lt;=10<sup>9</sup><br> M is a prime number<br> <br> <strong>SAMPLE INPUT:</strong><br> 1<br> 2 2<br> <br> <strong>SAMPLE OUTPUT:</strong><br> 1<br> <br> <strong>EXPLANATION:</strong><br> This list is : [1,8,27,64,125..] -&gt; [7,19,37,61..] -&gt; [12,18,24..] -&gt; [6,6,6..]. Number of times 2 divides 6 is 1. Hence the answer is 1.</p>