<p>The Institute of Circles with Perimetral Connections (ICPC) has recently discovered that<br>several machines that were working in their diverse productive areas were totally obsolete.<br>Of course, all machines in the Institute contain several circles.<br>The Supreme Chief Director Manager President of the ICPC asked their Computer Aided<br>Problem Solving department to help in overcoming this situation. They have signaled<br>you as the maximum responsible, so you better get to work.<br>Many machines in the Institute have mechanical parts in the shape of a circle that need<br>to be rotated clockwise in order for the machine to work. Currently, each circular part<br>is connected to a different electrical engine that does the job. You noted, however, that<br>when many circles are coplanar, you can connect them with elastic bands and they will<br>rotate all together with the energy of one engine.<br>This marvelous idea lead you to a new problem. What’s the optimal way to connect<br>all the circles? In general, there are many ways to place elastic bands and make all the<br>circles be connected. Since some of the rotating power of the system is lost in the tension<br>of the elastic bands, you want to minimize the total length of elastic bands used.<br>Formally, the length of the elastic band that connects two cricles is the perimeter of the<br>smallest convex area that contains both circles. The total length is the sum of the lengths<br>of all used elastic bands. Two circles can be connected with an elastic band even if the<br>band touches or goes through any number of other circles or elastic bands.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line<br>contains an integer N indicating the number of circles to connect (2 ≤ N ≤ 3000). Each<br>of the next N lines describes a different circle using three integers X, Y and R separated<br>by single spaces (1 ≤ X, Y, R ≤ 10<sup>6</sup> ). The values X and Y represent the coordinates of<br>the center of the circle in the XY plane, while the value R indicates its radius. You may<br>assume that within each test case no two circles overlap or touch each other. The last<br>line of the input contains a single −1 and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line containing a real number representing the minimum<br>total length of elastic band needed to connect all the circles. Round the result to the<br>closest rational number with three decimal places. In case of ties, round up. Always use<br>exactly three digits after the decimal point, even if it means finishing with a zero.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>3<br>2 2 2<br>1 6 1<br>6 1 1<br>2<br>1 1 1<br>1 4 1<br>-1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
35.829<br>12.283</pre>