<p>Camelot is a solitaire game that is played with a deck of French cards. The deck contains<br>52 cards, each of them having a suit and a face value. There are 4 possible suits and 13<br>possible face values. Since for this solitaire suits are not important, we consider that the<br>deck contains 4 repetitions of each possible face value. Face values are A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,<br>8, 9, 10, J, Q and K.</p>
<p>The solitaire starts with the full deck placed, face down, on the table. There is also a<br>board containing 16 empty slots arranged in a 4 by 4 grid. The game repeatedly alternates<br>two phases: a dealing phase and a removal phase.<br>The first phase is a dealing phase. During this phase cards are dealt from the deck one<br>at a time. Each card is placed, face up, in an empty slot. However, certain cards can<br>only be placed in specific slots: Jacks (face value J) can only occupy the middle two slots<br>of first and last columns. Queens (face value Q) can only occupy the middle two slots of<br>first and last rows. Finally, Kings (face value K) can only occupy the corner slots. Cards<br>having other face values can be placed in any empty slot. The game is lost whenever a<br>card is dealt from the deck for which no valid empty slot exists. Each time the last empty<br>slot has just been occupied, or when the deck is empty, a removal phase starts.</p>
<p>During a removal phase, it is possible to remove from the board any card or pair of cards<br>that add up to 10. For this purpose, Aces (face value A) are considered as having value 1,<br>while Jacks, Queens and Kings cannot be removed. For instance, it is possible to remove<br>a 10 on its own, a pair formed by a 3 and a 7, a pair formed by an Ace and a 9, etcetera.<br>Cards removed from the board are not used anymore during the game. The removal<br>phase ends when no card can be removed from the board, or when the player decides not<br>to continue removing cards. Notice that it is not mandatory to remove from the board<br>every card that can be removed. However, since the player cannot decide the moment<br>in which a new removal phase will begin, leaving removable cards on the board must be<br>done carefully. Besides, note that if during a removal phase no card is removed, then the<br>game is lost. When the removal phase ends, a new dealing phase starts, unless the deck<br>is empty, in which case the game is over.</p>
<p>The game is won if the deck is empty and only Jacks, Queens and Kings are left on the<br>board.</p>
<p>Camelot is really nice to play, but is frustrating to discover at the end of a game that it<br>was impossible to win because of the initial arrangement of the deck. Even if the initial<br>deck allows the player to win, he may fail to do so because of bad decisions or bad luck<br>when placing or removing cards. Your job in this problem is to find out whether it is at<br>least possible to win the game, given the order in which the cards will be dealt from the<br>deck.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using a single line. The line contains a single string of exactly<br>52 characters representing the initial arrangement of the deck. The first card dealt from<br>the deck is given by the first character of the string, and so on. Each card is represented<br>by its face value, with the exception of cards with face value 10 that are represented by<br>the digit ¡°0¡±. You may assume that the string corresponds to a valid initial arrangement<br>of the deck, i.e., it contains exactly 4 repetitions of each possible face value. The end of<br>input is indicated with a line containing a single asterisk (¡°*¡±).</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line containing an uppercase ¡°Y¡± if it is possible to win<br>the game with the given initial arrangement of the deck, or an uppercase ¡°N¡± otherwise.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>AAAA222233334444555566667777888899990000JJJJQQQQKKKK<br>JJJJQQQQKKKKA9A9A9A928282828373737374646464655550000<br>JJJJQQQQKKKKA9A9A9A928282828333377774646464655550000<br>28333377774646464655550000JJJJQQQQKKKKA9A9A9A9282828<br>*
<strong>Output:</strong> <br>N<br>Y<br>N<br>Y</pre>