<p>
</p><p>The Lottery is changing! The Lottery used to have a machine to generate a random winning number. But due to cheating problems, the Lottery has decided to add another machine. The new winning number will be the result of the bitwise-AND operation between the two random numbers generated by the two machines.

</p><p>To find the bitwise-AND of X and Y, write them both in binary; then a bit in the result in binary has a 1 if the corresponding bits of X and Y were both 1, and a 0 otherwise. In most programming languages, the bitwise-AND of X and Y is written X&amp;Y.

</p><p>For example:

</p><p>   The old machine generates the number 7 = 0111.

</p><p>   The new machine generates the number 11 = 1011.

</p><p>   The winning number will be (7 AND 11) = (0111 AND 1011) = 0011 = 3.


</p><p>With this measure, the Lottery expects to reduce the cases of fraudulent claims, but unfortunately an employee from the Lottery company has leaked the following information: the old machine will always generate a non-negative integer less than A and the new one will always generate a non-negative integer less than B.  

</p><p>Catalina wants to win this lottery and to give it a try she decided to buy all non-negative integers less than K. 


</p><p>Given A, B and K, Catalina would like to know in how many different ways the machines can generate a pair of numbers that will make her a winner. 


</p><p>Could you help her?

</p><h3>Input</h3>

<p>The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, T. T lines follow, each line with three numbers A B K.

</p><p>

</p><p> 1 ¡Ü A ¡Ü 10^9.

</p><p>1 ¡Ü B ¡Ü 10^9.

</p><p>1 ¡Ü K ¡Ü 10^9.


</p><h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the test case number (starting from 1) and y is the number of possible pairs that the machines can generate to make Catalina a winner.

</p><p>

</p><h3>Example</h3>

<pre><b>Input:</b>
5
3 4 2
4 5 2
7 8 5
45 56 35
103 143 88


<b>Output:</b>
Case #1: 10
Case #2: 16
Case #3: 52
Case #4: 2411
Case #5: 14377
</pre>