<p>In a far away country there is a city facing a big problem. The city is plagued by a deadly gas. Many<br>people have died, but there are groups of survivors at places around the city. Between these places<br>there are roads connecting two distinct places that can still be traversed safely. These roads can be<br>traversed in both directions. It's known the number of days necessary to traverse each road and the<br>two places that it connects. It's also known the number of survivors at each location. Each survivor<br>can get to other places following a sequence of roads.<br>The mayor will send several helicopters to rescue these people, each having a capacity, a limit on<br>the number of crew (people that it can rescue). Each helicopter will land on a certain day and place.<br>You should answer an important question for the mayor. How many days are needed to rescue all<br>survivors? If it's not possible to rescue all people you should answer how many of them can be<br>rescued.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line of input file have the number of test cases T (T &lt;= 40).<br>The first line of each test case have N, M, and H, the number of places considered, the number of<br>roads between the places and the number of helicopters that will be sent, respectively. Each place is<br>uniquely identified by a number between 1 and N. The next N lines will have N integers, the i-th<br>line have the number of survivors in place i, Xi. Each of next M lines will have three numbers Aj,<br>Bj and Dj, meaning that there is a way between places Aj and Bj that last Dj days to traverse. The<br>input can contain several roads between the same pair of places. Each of next H lines will have<br>three integers Dh, Ph, and Ch (in this order), meaning that a helicopter with capacity Ch will arrive<br>at place Ph at day Dh. The sum of survivors will not be more than 200. If a survivor can get a<br>helicopter following a sequence of roads, the total time to get the helicopter will not be more than<br>1000.</p>
<p><br>Constraints:<br>1 &lt;= N, H &lt;= 50<br>1 &lt;= M &lt;= 1500<br>1 &lt;= Aj, Bj, Ph &lt;= N<br>1 &lt;= Dj, Dh &lt;= 1000<br>1 &lt;= Ch &lt;= 200<br>0 &lt;= Xi &lt;= 200</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case there is one line in output. If all people can be rescued "All people can be rescued<br>in D day(s) ." should be printed, where D is the minimum number of days to rescue all people. If it<br>is impossible to rescue all people "X survivor(s) can be rescued." should be printed, where X is the<br>maximum number of survivors that can be rescued.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
2<br>4 4 4<br>3<br>4<br>5<br>6<br>1 2 7<br>2 3 3<br>3 4 3<br>4 1 4<br>4 4 7<br>6 3 2<br>5 2 3<br>3 1 6<br>4 2 3<br>2<br>2<br>3<br>1<br>1 4 3<br>2 3 3<br>2 4 2<br>3 2 4<br>3 3 2

<strong>Output:</strong>
All people can be rescued in 6 day(s).<br>7 survivor(s) can be rescued.
</pre>