<p>A quadrilateral consists of 4 points A, B, C and D in the plane, together with the<br>segments AB, BC, CD and DA. Points are called vertices, while segments are called<br>sides. The quadrilateral is simple if opposite sides (i.e., sides that do not share a vertex)<br>do not intersect. Notice that it is possible to have a simple quadrilateral that looks like<br>a triangle, with exactly 3 collinear vertices.<br>Demetrio has just drawn N points on the wall of his room. He planned to draw a<br>simple quadrilateral having 4 of these points as vertices, and then paint it with blue ink.<br>Demetrio is going to buy the ink right now, but he has not chosen the 4 points yet. Can<br>you tell him the maximum area a simple quadrilateral drawn on his wall can have? In<br>this way Demetrio will be sure he will not run out of blue ink before the work is done.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains an integer N<br>indicating the number of points drawn on the wall (4 ≤ N ≤ 1000). Each of the next N<br>lines describes a different point of the set using two integers X and Y (−10<sup>7</sup> ≤ X, Y ≤<br>10<sup>7</sup> ); these values represent the coordinates of the point in the XY plane. You may<br>assume that within each test case no two points have the same location, neither are all<br>collinear. The end of input is indicated with a line containing a single −1.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line with a single decimal number representing the<br>maximum area of a simple quadrilateral having as vertices 4 different points of the input<br>set. Round the result to the closest rational number with one decimal place. In case of<br>ties, round up. Always use exactly one digit after the decimal point, even if it means<br>finishing with a zero.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>6<br>-100 0<br>100 0<br>-100 50<br>0 55<br>0 -65<br>1 1<br>4<br>-1 0<br>10000 0<br>0 0<br>0 1<br>-1
<strong>Output:</strong> <br>12000.0<br>5000.5</pre>