<p>A new International Common Prison for Criminals (ICPC) was built, and your old friend<br>Harry was moved there as a prisoner. As before, the new ICPC is one of the most secure<br>prisons in the world. It was designed by and old gamer and as such, the prison is not<br>necessarily closed, but only an incredibly logical and fast mind can get out.<br>The new ICPC can be represented as a grid of square cells. Each cell is empty, or it<br>contains a wall, a door, an opening button or a closing button. Harry was accommodated<br>in an empty cell, and all doors were closed. Nevertheless, Harry told you that he will<br>try to escape. Each time Harry is in a cell, he can move in a single step to an adjacent<br>cell (i.e., a cell that shares a side with his current location). Each time Harry steps on a<br>cell that contains an opening button, all doors open, while each time he steps on a cell<br>that contains a closing button, all doors close. Harry can walk around as he wants within<br>the prison, although he cannot move to a cell that contains a wall, neither to a cell that<br>contains a door if the doors are closed.<br>To escape from the prison, Harry needs to step outside, which means placing himself in<br>one of the cells on the sides and then taking one extra step out in the direction opposite<br>to the prison.<br>You obtained a map of the prison, and Harry deserves your advise. Tell him the minimum<br>number of steps he needs to escape, or warn him that there is no way to get out.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains two integers N and<br>M indicating respectively the number of rows and columns of the grid that represents<br>the prison (1 ≤ N, M ≤ 100). Line i of the next N lines describes row i of the grid<br>using a string of exactly M characters, where character j represents cell j of that row.<br>This string only contains the following characters with the indicated meanings: “H” is<br>the empty cell where Harry is at the beginning; “.” is an empty cell where Harry is not<br>at the beginning; “W” is a wall; “D” is a door; “O” is an opening button; and “C” is closing<br>button. You may assume that within each test case there is exactly one character “H”.<br>The end of input is indicated with a line containing the number −1 twice.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line with a single integer representing the minimum<br>number of steps Harry needs to escape the prison, or the number −1 if it is impossible<br>for him to do so.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>5 8<br>WWWWWWW.<br>WHDC...D<br>W.WW.WCW<br>W.OW..OW<br>.WWWWWWW<br>3 3<br>ODO<br>DHD<br>ODO<br>3 7<br>WWWWWWW<br>DH..OCD<br>WWWWWWW<br>4 1<br>W<br>H<br>O<br>W<br>1 13<br>HOW.DO.COW.DO<br>-1 -1

<strong>Output:</strong> <br>21<br>-1<br>8<br>1<br>1</pre>