<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>From Ramsey theorem we know that for every <em>k, l</em> pair there exists an integer: <em>R</em>(<em>k, l</em>) for that if <em>n &gt;= R</em>(<em>k, l</em>), then if you color the edges of a complete graph on <em>n</em> vertices with red and blue then it contains a complete subgraph on <em>k</em> vertices whose edges are blue or a complete subgraph on <em>l</em> vertices whose edges are red. To get an impression of the theorem you have to count the number of complete subgraphs having <em>k</em> nodes with blue edges - <em>K</em>(<em>k</em>) and the number of complete subgraphs having <em>l</em> nodes with red edges - <em>K</em>(<em>l</em>) for each edge coloring.</p>
<p>To make the problem somewhat easier (or harder?) for each test the probability that an edge is red (or blue) is close to 1/2. This means that on <em>n</em> vertices you will see about <em>n</em>(<em>n</em>-1)/4 red edges.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The first line contains the number of test cases<em> T</em>, where <em>T</em> &lt;= 100. After it there is a blank line and also after every test. Each test starts with four integers <em>n</em>, <em>k</em>, <em>l</em>, <em>e</em> in this order, where 3 &lt;= <em>k</em> &lt;= <em>l</em> &lt;= <em>n</em> &lt; 100, here <em>e</em> is the number of red edges (we are not interested in very large monochromatic complete subgraphs, so you can assume that <em>k</em>, <em>l</em> &lt;= 10 is also true). Then follow <em>e</em> lines, each of them gives two integers: <em>x</em>, <em>y</em>, it means that there is a red edge between points 0 &lt;= <em>x</em>, <em>y</em> &lt; <em>n</em>. All other edges are blue.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test print the case number then the count of blue <em>K</em>(<em>k</em>) and red <em>K</em>(<em>l</em>) for the edge coloring.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><em>Input:</em><br>3<br><br>5 3 3 5<br>0 1<br>1 2<br>2 3<br>3 4<br>4 0<br><br>6 3 3 6<br>0 1<br>1 2<br>2 3<br>3 4<br>4 5<br>5 0<br><br>8 3 4 7<br>0 1<br>0 2<br>0 3<br>0 4<br>1 2<br>1 3<br>2 3<br><br>
<em>Output:</em><br>Case #1:<br>The number of blue K(3) is 0 and the number of red K(3) is 0.<br>Case #2:<br>The number of blue K(3) is 2 and the number of red K(3) is 0.<br>Case #3:<br>The number of blue K(3) is 25 and the number of red K(4) is 1.</pre>