<p>Rafael Nadal vs Novak Djokovic is probably the fiercest rivalry in tennis right now. Now your task is very simple.<br> You are given a string containing the scores of a single set(A set consists of many games) between these two stalwarts.<br> N denotes Nadal and D denoted Djokovic.<br> For those who are new to tennis , have a look of the rules online.<br> Anyway small desciption about the rules:</p>
<p>Now how a player wins a single game?</p>
<p>In a game scores are incremented as follows:<br> 15,30,40<br> A player wins if scores are like 40-0,40-15,40-30.<br> If tied at 40-40., it is called Deuce.<br> If N wins next he has an Advantage and if he loses the next volley&nbsp;he comes back to Deuce.<br> After Advantage if the player wins the immediate volley he wins that game.</p>
<p>Simply put the player who wins 6 games first (provided he has won two games more than his opponent) wins the set.<br> For eg., 6-1,6-2,6-3,6-4 are all valid.<br><br> If 1 player has won 6 games and the other has won 5 games the match continues.(7-5 is also a valid scoreline)<br> If both the players are deadlocked at 6-6, then we have a tiebreaker.<br> In the tiebreaker the scores are counted normally (1,2,3,....)<br> The person who reaches 7 points first and is atleast 2 more than his opponent wins the set.<br> Eg: 7-0,7-1,7-2.....7-5 are valid.<br> If the scenario is 7-6 the match proceeds until one of the players scores two points more than the other.<br> Eg: Even 10-8 is valid.</p>
<p><strong>Input:</strong><br> 1st line - No. of test cases<br><br> Next T lines consist of strings denoting who won a volley.<br><br> <strong>Output:</strong></p>
<p>Winner&nbsp; Score (tie breaker score if any)</p>
<p>Loser&nbsp; Score</p>
<p><strong>Example:</strong><br><br> Input:<br> 2<br> N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N D D D D D D D D N N N N<br> D D D D N N N N D D D D N N N N D D D D N N N N D D D D N N N N D D D D N N N N D D D D N N N N D D D D D D N N N N N D <br><br> Output:<br> N 6<br> D 2<br><br> D 7 (7-5)<br> N 6</p>