<p>The department store where my family goes shopping is trying to predict how much of each item they stock they will sell each month.&nbsp; Keeping a large amount of inventory is costly, and running out of items is also not a good idea.&nbsp; Since the manager asked for my help as a sales consultant, I decided to formulate a model for predicting each month's sales S of an item based on its sales during the previous R months.&nbsp; After a lot of trial and error, I came up with such a model, where <br>S(n) = a1*S(n-1) + a2*S(n-2) + ... + aR*S(n-R) &nbsp;<br>where S(n) is the predicted sales for the nth month for n &gt; R, and S(1) to S(R) are seed values. <br>&nbsp;<br>The store manager was pleased with my model's ability to help him in controlling his inventory. &nbsp;<br>He asked me to list out every Kth month's sales, and give him the sum of the first N values from this list.&nbsp; For example he wanted every Christmas month's sales summed up for the next 10 years (N=10 and K=12, month 1 being January), or every end-of-quarter month's sales for the next 2 years (N=2, K=3). <br>&nbsp;<br>Can you please help me write a program that does all the above? <br>&nbsp;<br><strong>INPUT</strong> <br>The first line of the input T, the number of test cases. Each test case consists of three lines. <br>The first line of each test case contains N, R, K. <br>The second line of each test case contains R integers denoting S(1), S(2), ..., S(R). <br>The third line of each test case contains R integers denoting the coefficients a1, a2, ..., aR of the predictive model. <br>&nbsp;<br><strong>OUTPUT</strong> <br>For each test case, output the sum requested by the manager as given in the problem statement, modulo 1,000,000,007. <br>&nbsp;<br><strong>CONSTRAINTS </strong><br>T &lt;= 40 <br>1 &lt;= N &lt;= 1000000000 <br>1 &lt;= R &lt;= 8 <br>1 &lt;= K &lt;= 8 <br>0 &lt;= All other input values &lt; 1000000007 <br>&nbsp;<br><strong>SAMPLE INPUT </strong><br>2 <br>4 1 1 <br>1 &nbsp;<br>2 &nbsp;<br>3 2 3 <br>1 1 &nbsp;<br>1 1 &nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br><strong>SAMPLE OUTPUT</strong> <br>15 <br>44 <br>&nbsp;<br><strong>EXPLANATION </strong><br>In the first test case, it is given that S(1) = 1 and the relation is S(n)=2*S(n-1). The list asked by the store manager consists of all the terms of S since K is 1. Hence, the answer is just the sum of the first 4 terms of S. <br>In the second test case, the sequence S is the fibonacci sequence which is: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34. The list consists of 2, 8, 34 which sum up to 44.</p>