<p>Closest pair is an old problem that asks to find, given a set of N points in the plane,<br>the pair that minimizes the distance between them. This problem can easily be solved<br>using roughly N 2 operations by testing all possible pairs of points and keeping at each<br>step the optimal pair. With a more clever approach, the problem has been solved using<br>∼ N log N operations.<br>Closest triplet is an analogous problem which also takes a set of N points as input, and<br>asks for the triplet (group of three points) that minimizes the sum of the three distances<br>between each pair of them. In this case there is also a trivial solution that tests all possible<br>triplets using roughly N<sup>3</sup> operations. However, since you are a clever programmer, we<br>are confident that you are able to find a better algorithm.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line<br>contains an integer N indicating the number of points in the set (3 ≤ N ≤ 3000). Each<br>of the next N lines describes a different point of the set using two integers X and Y<br>separated by a single space (1 ≤ X, Y ≤ 10<sup>6</sup> ); these values represent the coordinates of<br>the point in the XY plane. You may assume that within each test case no two points<br>have the same location. The last line of the input contains a single −1 and should not<br>be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with a real number representing the sum of the<br>distances between each pair of points of any closest triplet of the set of points. Round<br>the result to the closest rational number with three decimal places. In case of ties, round<br>up. Always use exactly three digits after the decimal point, even if it means finishing<br>with a zero.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>4<br>1 1<br>4 1<br>1 5<br>1000 1000<br>9<br>100000 200000<br>200000 200000<br>150000 286603<br>60000 140000<br>240000 140000<br>150000 340000<br>1 340000<br>300000 340000<br>150000 87087<br>-1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
12.000<br>300000.796</pre>