<p>Harry is currently a prisoner of the International Common Prison for Criminals (ICPC), the<br>most secure prison in the world. It was designed by and old gamer and as such, the prison is<br>not necesarilly closed, but only an incredibly logical and fast mind can get out.<br>The prison is made of N chambers connected by M corridors. Each corridor connects exactly<br>two chambers and can be traversed in any direction. Each chamber is either empty, contains<br>a single unbreakable door, or contains a single key. No chamber contains both a door and a<br>key. There are K doors and K keys in the whole prison. Each key opens a different door, and<br>each door is opened by a different key. If a chamber contains a door, the corresponding key is<br>needed to enter the chamber, regardless of which corridor was used to reach it.<br>Harry found the complete map of the prison, including the location of each door and each key,<br>and wants to know how to get out that hell hole. According to the map, Harry is now in<br>chamber number 1, and the exit is in chamber N . Given the information on the map, let Harry<br>know if it is possible to escape or if he is doomed forever.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each<br>test case contains three integers N , K, and M separated by single spaces. The value N is the<br>number of chambers in the prison (4 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ); each chamber is identified by an integer<br>number between 1 and N . The value K is the number of doors and keys (1 ≤ K ≤ N/2), while<br>M is the number of corridors (1 ≤ M ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ). Each of the next K lines describes a door and its<br>corresponding key using two integers A and B separated by a single space, with the following<br>meaning: chamber A cointains the key that opens the door in chamber B (2 ≤ A, B ≤ N − 1).<br>The last M lines of the test case describe the corridors. Each of these lines cointains two integers<br>C and D separated by a single space, indicating that there is a corridor connecting chambers<br>C and D (1 ≤ C &lt; D ≤ N ). You may assume that no two corridors connect the same pair of<br>chambers. The last line of the input contains the number −1 three times separated by single<br>spaces and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with an uppercase “Y” if it is possible for Harry to escape<br>from the prison, or an uppercase “N” otherwise.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>4 1 4<br>2 3<br>3 4<br>2 3<br>1 3<br>2 4<br>6 2 5<br>5 4<br>3 2<br>2 6<br>2 5<br>1 4<br>1 5<br>3 4<br>4 1 1<br>3 2<br>2 3<br>-1 -1 -1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
N<br>Y<br>N</pre>