<p>When dealing with a long task, computers often provide a progress indicator to help users<br>estimate how much longer they will have to wait. This is especially useful when copying a large<br>number of data files from one drive to another.<br>In the Institute of Computer Power Control (ICPC) are very concerned about their brand new<br>file copier, which they think will change forever the way people copy files. While this is a great<br>accomplishment for the engineers in ICPC, the lack of a progress indicator is threatening the<br>future of the project and the well being of most computer users around the world!<br>The Supremum Principal Director Manager of ICPC has called you personally to ensure you<br>are up for the task. The interface provided by the developing team of the file copier only gives<br>two integers M and N . M is the number of files that have already been copied, and N is<br>the total number of files to be copied. Using this information, you must write a module that<br>displays the progress indicator.<br>The indicator must be drawn as a string of exactly 20 characters. The first K of them must<br>be asterisks (“*”) and the rest must be hyphens (“-”). The number K must be chosen in such<br>a way that K/20 correctly approximates M/N ; this means that the distance between the two<br>mentioned fractions is minimum. If there is more than one possible value for K, the greatest<br>one must be chosen.<br>Also, for more precision, a number P without leading zeroes and followed by a percentage<br>sign (“%”) must be written on top of the described indicator. Since the goal is to represent<br>the finished percentage, the number P must be such that P/100 correctly approximates M/N ,<br>with the same policy as before. The finished percentage must be centered on top of the display.<br>This means that if possible, the same number of display characters (“*” or “-”) must be seen<br>to the left and to the right of the percentage; if this is not possible, exactly one extra character<br>must be seen to the left.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains<br>two integers M and N as explained above (0 ≤ M ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>9</sup> and N ≠ 0). These values are<br>separated by a single space. The last line of the input contains the number −1 twice separated<br>by a single space and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with exactly 20 characters representing the mentioned<br>display.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br><br>2 5<br>2 6<br>0 10<br>-1 -1<br><strong><br>Output:</strong><br><br>********-40%--------<br>*******--33%--------<br>---------0%---------<pre><br></pre>
<br><br></pre>