<p>You are a member of a team that is working in a new wonderful graphics program.<br>Your task is to write a module for drawing skylines of mountains. However, for now the<br>program is in beta version, so each skyline is discretized. This means that your module<br>receives as input a sequence of integers representing heights. Each pair of consecutive<br>heights in the sequence may differ by at most 1 and produces a column of output, each<br>column containing a single character. The particular character to write and its position<br>in the column depend on the pair of heights. When both heights are equal an underscore<br>(“ ”) must be printed. If the heigths within the pair increase or decrease, you must write<br>a slash (“/”) or a backslash (“\”), respectively. The position of the character in the<br>column is such that the skyline visually respect the given heights.<br>For instance, the sequence of heights (1, 2, 3, 2, 3, 3, 2, 1, 0) must produce the skyline shown<br>in the following figure.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: courier new,courier;">&nbsp; &nbsp; _<br>&nbsp;/\/ \<br>/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \</span></p>
<p>Notice that when the sequence of heights has C + 1 elements, the corresponding skyline<br>has only C columns. Given a sequence of heights, you must draw the skyline according<br>to the rules given above. See the examples for further clarification.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in exactly two lines. The first<br>line contains an integer C indicating the number of columns of the skyline (1 ≤ C ≤ 70).<br>The second line contains C + 1 integers Hi separated by single spaces representing the<br>sequence of heights (0 ≤ Hi ≤ 30 for 1 ≤ i ≤ C + 1). You may assume that there exist<br>an height Hi = 0, and that the difference between succesive heights is at most 1 (i.e.<br>|Hi − Hi+1 | ≤ 1 for 1 ≤ i ≤ C). The last line of the input contains a single −1 and should<br>not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output the correponding skyline, followed by a line with exactly three<br>asterisks (“***”). While writting the skyline, use only regular spaces, newlines, and the<br>three characters mentioned in the statement. Ths skyline must be left aligned and it<br>must contain exactly C columns. There must be no trailing spaces at the end of printed<br>lines, neither empty lines.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>8<br>1 2 3 2 3 3 2 1 0<br>3<br>1 0 0 1<br>-1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br><span style="font-family: courier new,courier;">  &nbsp; _<br>&nbsp;/\/ \<br>/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \<br></span>***<br>\_/<br>***</pre>