<p>Victor Jara was a Chilean teacher, theater director and political activist. He is widely<br>recognized because of his talent as poet and song writer. His most recognized work is<br>probably the song “A Desalambrar” that can be translated from Spanish as “Unwire”.<br>In this song Jara assures that people is the rightful owner of the lands, and so wire fences<br>that delimit private properties should be cut down to allow access to everybody.<br>Although Jara’s proposal is far from being fulfilled, some of his convinced listeners keep<br>trying to make it happen. Since they must face several enemies, they try to make their<br>job efficient by only cutting down the necessary number of fences and not more.<br>Each fence can be modeled as a segment (straight line) connecting two points in the XY<br>plane. These endpoints are considered to be part of the fence. A cut in a fence removes<br>any contiguous part of the fence except the endpoints.<br>An area is said to be free if and only if, for any pair of points not lying over a fence, there<br>is a (not necessarily straight) line that connect these points without crossing any fence.<br>Given the location of the fences, your job is to calculate the minimum number of fences<br>that need to be cut down to make the area free, according to the above definition.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains an integer N<br>indicating the number of fences in the area (1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>). Each of the next N lines<br>describes a different fence using four integers X0 , Y0 , X1 and Y1 (−10<sup>4</sup> ≤ X0 , Y0 , X1 , Y1 ≤<br>10<sup>4</sup> ). These values represent that there is a fence whose endpoints in the XY plane are<br>(X0 , Y0 ) and (X1 , Y1 ). You may assume that for each fence its two endpoints are distinct.<br>Besides, within each test case, the intersection of any pair of fences is either empty or<br>it is an endpoint of both fences. The end of input is indicated with a line containing a<br>single −1.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line containing a single integer representing the mini-<br>mum number of fences that need to be cut down to make the area free.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>9<br>-50 0 0 0<br>0 0 50 0<br>-50 0 0 50<br>0 50 50 0<br>-50 0 0 -50<br>0 -50 50 0<br>0 0 0 -50<br>0 -50 50 -50<br>50 -50 50 0<br>2<br>0 1 2 3<br>0 0 2 2<br>-1
<br><strong>Output:</strong><br>4<br>0</pre>