<p>Ana likes many activities. She likes acrobatics, alchemy, archery, art, Arabic dances, and<br>many more. She joined a club that offers several classes. Each class has a time interval<br>in every week. Ana wants to sign up for many classes, but since they overlap in time, she<br>looks for a subset of non-overlapping classes to attend. A subset is non-overlapping if it<br>does not contain two classes that overlap in time. If a class starts at the time another<br>class ends, this is not considered overlapping.<br>Ana decided to list all the non-overlapping non-empty subsets of classes. Then she will<br>choose the subset she likes best. In order to predict the amount of paper needed to write<br>the list, she wants you to calculate how many of these subsets there are.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains an integer N<br>indicating the number of classes the club offers (1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ). Each of the next N lines<br>describes a class using two integers S and E that represent the starting and ending times<br>of the class, respectively (1 ≤ S &lt; E ≤ 10<sup>9</sup> ). The end of input is indicated with a line<br>containing a single −1.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, output a single line with a single integer representing the number of<br>non-overlapping non-empty subsets of classes. To make your life easier, output only the<br>last 8 digits of the result. If the result has less than 8 digits, write it with leading zeros<br>to complete 8 digits.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong> <br>5<br>1 3<br>3 5<br>5 7<br>2 4<br>4 6<br>3<br>500000000 1000000000<br>1 500000000<br>1 500000000<br>1<br>999999999 1000000000<br>-1

<strong>Output:</strong> <br>00000012<br>00000005<br>00000001</pre>