<p>Gangs are a big problem for every metropolis. Individuals that are member of some<br>gang usually make enemies. When enemies meet each other they always want to fight, which<br>makes the city a dangerous place to live. These gang members are also known as fighters.<br>The local Police Department received anonymous information about a huge meeting<br>between fighters at the central park, but the police chief, as always, wants to know if it is<br>worth to send some of his men there. He knows that a fighter will fight one of his enemies only<br>if all of them are in front of him. If one of the fighters doesn¡¯t want to fight, then the meeting<br>will be canceled. Moreover, each fighter can fight just one enemy at a time, and during this<br>fight his other enemies wait, because they all want to beat him alone. He also knows that one<br>police officer is enough in order to prevent two fighters from start a fight.<br>Given these conditions and the enemy¡¯s relationships of the fighters that will be at the<br>central park, your job is to tell the chief if the meeting will happen or will be canceled. If it is<br>going to happen, then the chief wants to know the minimum number of policemen he needs<br>to send in order to prevent the fights at any moment of the meeting.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains two integers F (1 ¡Ü F ¡Ü 60)<br>and R (1 ¡Ü R ¡Ü 1770) representing the number of fighters at the meeting and the number of<br>enemy relationships, respectively. The fighters are identified by different integers from 0 to F-<br>1. Each of the next R lines contains two integers A e B representing an enemy relationship<br>between the fighters A and B, you can consider that each enemy relationship will appear once<br>in each test case and that if a fighter A is enemy of a fighter B then B is also enemy of A.<br>The last test case is followed by a line containing F = 0 and R = 0.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test, output in a line the minimum number of policemen necessary in order to<br>prevent the fights or output ¡®The meeting will be canceled¡¯ if the meeting is going to be<br>canceled.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong>
44<br>02<br>03<br>12<br>13<br>67<br>02<br>03<br>04<br>05<br>12<br>13<br>14<br>33<br>01<br>12<br>20<br>00<br><br><strong>Output:</strong>
2<br>2<br>The meeting will be canceled
</pre>