<p>Feanor is an elf, and of course, he really likes arrows and bows. Surprisingly enough, Feanor<br>has a laptop, but he knows nothing about programming, so he requires your help.<br>Feanor lives in a tower of height H, and he loves throwing arrows from the top of it. He had a<br>good amount of intesive training and he knows that he always throws his arrows with the same<br>initial speed V . He wants you to make a program that given H and V returns the maximum<br>distance that a Feanor’s arrow can reach when it hits the ground, measured from the base<br>of the tower. With this information, he will be able to place a nice circular fence to prevent<br>deoriented little elves from being killed.<br>Newtonian laws apply in Feanor’s world and the gravity has the same strength as in ours. These<br>laws can be summarized as follows:<br>• The position of Feanor is assumed to be a point. The same occurs with the position of<br>his arrow at each moment in time.<br>• The initial speed V of the arrow can be expressed as Vx<sup>2</sup> + Vy<sup>2</sup> = V<sup>2</sup> , where Vx and Vy<br>are the horizontal and vertical components of V , respectively. Speed Vx is always non-<br>negative, while speed Vy is positive if the arrow is thrown up, and negative if the arrow<br>is thrown down.<br>• The initial position of the arrow is the position of Feanor.<br>• The horizontal position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time t is x(t) = Vx * t.<br>• The vertical position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time t is y(t) = Vy * t − gt<sup>2</sup> / 2, where g = 9.8 m/s2 .</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains<br>two integers V and H separated by a single space. The value V is the initial speed of Feanor’s<br>arrow measured in m/s (0 ≤ V ≤ 1000), while the value H is the tower’s height in meters<br>(0 ≤ H ≤ 1000). The last line of the input contains the number −1 twice separated by a single<br>space and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with the radius of Feanor’s fence in meters, rounded up<br>to 6 decimal digits (he wants to be sure that he doesn’t kill those cute little elves).</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>1 0<br>10 0<br>100 0<br>1000 0<br>-1 -1<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br><br>0.102041<br>10.204082<br>1020.408163<br>102040.816327</pre>