<pre style="text-align: justify;"><p style="white-space: normal;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Jumppy likes to jump! One day Jumppy went to a park. Jumppy can jump all over the park.The park can be thought of as a square grid with square cells of side length 1. The contents of the grid is either 0(zero) or X. There are certain things which Jumppy likes. They are:<br><br>-&gt;Jumppy likes rectangles.<br>-&gt;Jumppy likes X.<br><br>Therefore Jumppy will jump only in the rectangles consisting of X. A rectangle is defined as follows:<br><br>1)The whole rectangular region should contain only&nbsp;X.<br>2)The rectangle should be surrounded with&nbsp;0&nbsp;or the boundary of the grid.<br>3)The diagonally adjacent cell(see the definition) of the corner of the rectangle may be&nbsp;X&nbsp;or&nbsp;0.(Refer to the first example).<br><br>Diagonally adjacent cell: Suppose the given cell has coordinates (p,q) then its diagonally adjacent cells would have coordinates (p+1,q+1) , (p+1,q-1) , (p-1,q+1) , (p-1,q-1).<br><br>Now Jumppy is curious how many rectangles are there in the park. Help Jumppy find the number of rectangle.</span></p><p style="white-space: normal;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>INPUT:</strong><br>An integer&nbsp;n&nbsp;denoting the side of the grid.<br>Then n lines follow each containing a string of n characters describing the square grid. All the characters will be either 0 or X.<br><br><strong>OUTPUT:</strong><br>Output the number of rectangles in the given grid.<br><br><strong>CONSTRAINTS:</strong><br>0 &lt; n &lt;= 1000</span></p><p style="white-space: normal;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">EXAMPLES:</span></strong></p><p style="white-space: normal;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><br><strong>INPUT:</strong><br>4<br>XX00<br>XX00<br>00XX<br>00XX<br><br><strong>OUTPUT:&nbsp;</strong><br>2<br><br>INPUT:<br>5<br>00000<br>0XXX0<br>0XXX0<br>0XXX0<br>00X00<br><br><strong>OUTPUT:</strong>&nbsp;<br>0<br><br><strong>INPUT:</strong><br>5<br>00000<br>0XXX0<br>0X0X0<br>0XXX0<br>00000<br><br><strong>OUTPUT:</strong><br>0<br><br><strong>INPUT:</strong><br>3<br>X0X<br>0X0<br>X0X<br><br><strong>OUTPUT:&nbsp;</strong><br>5<br><br><strong>EXPLANATION:&nbsp;</strong><br>Case 1:&nbsp;As can be seen there are two rectangles as highlighted.<br>Case 2:&nbsp;The grid contains no rectangles because it violets the second condition of definition.<br>Case 3:&nbsp;The grid contains no rectangles because it violets the first condition of definition.<br>Case 4:&nbsp;The individual X in this case can be considered as rectangles.</span></p>
</pre>