<p>N jumping beans are standing in a line. At each second, a bean jumps. Your assignment is to figure the final position of the beans after a given number of seconds. To make the explanation easier, let¡¯s assign a unique letter to each bean, and for simplicity, let¡¯s assume the beans are initially standing in order: A, B, C, etc. To simplify even further, let¡¯s assume N = 4, so initially the beans are standing in the order ABCD. At the first second, A jumps, swapping its place with B. Now the order is BACD. At the second second, it¡¯s B¡¯s turn, but this time swapping its place with A, then C, resulting in the standing order ACBD. More formally: at second s, the left most bean that has jumped the least number of times will do the swap s times, each time swapping its place with the bean on its right. Note that when the right-most bean swaps, it moves to the left-most position, pushing everybody else one place to the right. So, continuing with the previous example, and starting with the arrangement ACBD, it is bean C¡¯s turn, since it is the left-most bean that has jumped the least amount of times. Being at the third second, C will swap three times, first resulting in ABCD, then ABDC, and then CABD. At the fourth second, it¡¯s bean D¡¯s turn to jump. At the fifth second, and since all the four beans have jumped exactly once, the bean that will jump is the bean standing at the left-most position.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>Your program will be tested on one or more test cases. Each test case is specified on a single line specifying an integer T and a string S where (0 &lt; T &lt; 10<sup>9</sup> ) is the number of seconds and S is the initial arrangement of the beans. S is a non empty string made of different upper-case letters (¡¯A¡¯. . . ¡¯Z¡¯).<br>The last test case is followed by a line having a single 0.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case, print the following line:<br>k. S<br>Where k is the test case number (starting at one,) and S is the arrangement of the beans after jumping for T seconds.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>3 ABCD<br>13 ACM<br>0<br><br><strong>Output:</strong><br>1. CABD<br>2. CAM</pre>