<h3 style="text-align: left;">Problem Statement</h3>
<p>You are initially given an array of N integers ( 1&lt;=N&lt;=10<sup>5</sup> ). Given this array, you have to perform 2 kinds of operations : <br><br>(i) Operation 1 : Op1( l, r )<br><br>You are given 2 integers l and r. ( 1 &lt;= l &lt;= r &lt;= current size of the array ). You need to return the sum of all the elements with indices between l and r ( both inclusive ). That is, if the elements currently in the array are a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, a<sub>3</sub>.... a<sub>n</sub>, you need to return the following sum : a<sub>l</sub> + a<sub>l+1</sub> + a<sub>l+2</sub> ... + a<sub>r</sub>. <br><br>(ii) Operation 2 : Op2( x )<br><br>You are given a single integer x ( |x| &lt;= 10<sup>9</sup> ). Add this element to the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">beginning</span> of the array. After this operation, x will now become a<sub>1</sub>, the old a<sub>1</sub> will now become a<sub>2</sub>, and so on. The size of the array will increase by 1.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3 style="text-align: left;">Input</h3>
<p>The first line contains a single integer N ( 1 &lt;= N &lt;= 10<sup>5</sup> ), the number of elements initially in the array.<br><br>This is followed by a line containing N space separated integers, a<sub>1</sub> a<sub>2</sub> .... a<sub>N</sub>. ( |a<sub>i</sub>| &lt;= 10<sup>9</sup> )<br><br>The next line contains a single integer Q, the number of operations you will be asked to perform. ( 1 &lt;= Q &lt;= 10<sup>5</sup> )<br><br>Q lines of input follow. Each such line starts with either the number 1 or the number 2. This indicates the type of operation that you are required to perform. The format of these queries are as follows : <br><br>1 l r : Carry out operation 1 with arguments l and r. ( 1 &lt;= l &lt;= r &lt;= current size of the array )<br>That is, return the sum of the following array elements : a<sub>l</sub> + a<sub>l+1</sub> ... + a<sub>r</sub><br><br>2 x : Carry out operation 2 with the argument x. ( |x| &lt;= 10<sup>9</sup> )<br>That is, add the value x at the beginning of the array.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3 style="text-align: left;">Output</h3>
<p>For each query of type 1, output the return value on a new line. No output needs to be printed for queries of type 2.</p>
&nbsp;
<h3 style="text-align: left;">Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input #1:</strong>
10<br>1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10<br>4<br>1 1 10<br>1 1 1<br>1 10 10<br>1 2 7<br><br><strong>Output #1:</strong><br>55<br>1<br>10<br>27<br><strong><br><br>Input #2:</strong><br>5<br>6 7 8 9 10<br>9<br>2 5<br>2 4<br>1 2 7<br>2 3<br>2 2<br>2 1<br>1 1 10<br>1 1 1<br>1 10 10<br><strong><br><br>Output #2:</strong><br>45<br>55<br>1<br>10<br></pre>