<p>We are given a sequence S of N distinct integers. Denote by S[i] as ith element of S.<br>Hardik picks up a random permutation of S , breaks it into product of disjoint cycles &amp; looks at cycle containing S[i].He notes down the sum of all element of this cycle. Call the expected value of this sum as cycleSum[i]. Your task is to find the minimum value amongst all cycleSums.<br><br>Assume all permutations of these N numbers are equally likely.<br><br><br><strong>Input Format :</strong><br><br>First line contains an integer T which denotes the number of test cases. Then follow description of T test scenarios. Each test scenario takes 2 lines. First line contains a single integer N, the size of S. Then follows second line containing N elements of S.<br><br><br><strong>Output Format :</strong></p>
<p><strong></strong><br>Print answer for each test case , rounded to exactly one decimal place , in one line each. <br><br><strong>Sample Input :</strong><br>2<br>1<br>1<br>2<br>1 2<br><br><br><strong>Sample Output:</strong><br>1.0<br>2.0<br><br><br><strong>Note:</strong> Notion of cycles for any sequence is defined by using index in the sequence (1-N).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Explaination for sample output</strong> :</p>
<p>In first case only possible permutation is (1)&nbsp; So answer is trivially 1.0</p>
<p>In second case possible permutations are (1)(2) &amp; (12).&nbsp; As both of these are equally likely, cycleSum[1] = 1/2 * 1 + 1/2 * (1+2) = 2.0</p>
<p>And cycleSum[2] = 1/2 * 2 + 1/2 * (1+2) = 2.5.&nbsp; Smaller of these is 2.0 , hence the answer.</p>
<p><strong>Constraints :</strong><br><br>1&lt;=T&lt;=500<br>1&lt;=N&lt;=5000<br>All elements of S are distinct integers in range 0 to 10^5</p>