<p>You are developing a visual component for a web browser. The component is known as textarea,<br>and its main functionality is to show a given text using one or more lines. Every textarea has<br>a linewidth W , which is the number of characters that can fit in a single line.<br>The text that needs to be shown is a sequence of words. The textarea must display the text<br>using lines of W characters, without breaking any word, and placing a single space between<br>each pair of consecutive words that are in the same line. Any number of trailing spaces may<br>be left at the end of each line. So the behavior of the textarea is quite simple: it keeps adding<br>words to a line until the next word does not fit; each time this occurs, a new line is started.<br>With the permanent growing in the amount of information that web pages must show, you<br>have to make a smart textarea that uses as little space as possible, even when dealing with very<br>long texts. Given a text to show and a number of lines L, you must set the linewidth W to the<br>minimum possible value such that the text is shown using at most L lines.</p>
<h3>Input</h3>
<p>The input contains several test cases, each one described in exactly two lines. The first line<br>of each test case contains two integers L and N separated by a single space, where L is the<br>maximum number of lines the textarea can have (1 ≤ L ≤ 10<sup>8</sup> ), and N is the number of words<br>the text to show is made of (1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ). The second line contains the text to show, formed<br>by N non-empty words of at most 25 lowercase letters each, separated by an arbitrary number<br>of spaces. The last line of the input contains the number −1 twice separated by a single space<br>and should not be processed as a test case.</p>
<h3>Output</h3>
<p>For each test case output a single line with an integer W representing the minimum linewidth<br>such that the textarea has at most L lines.</p>
<h3>Example</h3>
<pre><strong>Input:</strong><br>1 2<br>hello     word<br>2 2<br>racing club<br>-1 -1<br><strong>Output:</strong>
10<br>6</pre>