# P12304 [ICPC 2022/2023 WF] Bridging the Gap

## 题目描述

A group of walkers arrives at a river in the night. They want to cross a bridge, which can hold a limited number of walkers at a time. The walkers have just one torch, which needs to be used when crossing the bridge. Each walker takes a certain time to cross; a group crossing together must walk at the slowest walker's pace. What is the shortest time it takes for all walkers to cross the bridge?

For example, Sample Input 1 assumes the bridge can hold $2$ walkers at a time and there are $4$ walkers with crossing times $1$ minute, $2$ minutes, $5$ minutes and $10$ minutes, respectively. The shortest time of $17$ minutes can be achieved by the following sequence of crossings. First, the two fastest walkers cross in $2$ minutes. Second, the fastest walker crosses back in $1$ minute. Third, the two slowest walkers cross in $10$ minutes. Fourth, the second-fastest walker crosses back in $2$ minutes. Fifth, the two fastest walkers cross in $2$ minutes.

## 输入格式

The first line of input contains two integers $n$ and $c$, where $n$ ($2 \le n \le 10^4$) is the number of walkers, and $c$ ($2 \le c \le 10^4$) is the number of walkers the bridge can hold at a time.

Then follows a line containing $n$ integers $t_1, \ldots , t_n$ ($1 \le t_i \le 10^9$ for all $i$). The $i^\text{th}$ walker takes time $t_i$ to cross.

## 输出格式

Output the minimum total time it takes for the entire group to cross the bridge.

## 输入输出样例 #1

### 输入 #1

```
4 2
1 2 10 5
```

### 输出 #1

```
17
```

## 输入输出样例 #2

### 输入 #2

```
4 6
1 2 10 5
```

### 输出 #2

```
10
```